
Christmas Shower Thoughts
I wonder how many children of dyslexic parents will get Christmas presents from Satan this year.
As I've grown older I've realized that Santa likes rich kids more than everyone else
As an adult vs as a kid, getting good socks for Christmas is awesome.
I just murdered a tree and put its decorated corpse on display in my living room. For Jesus.
If Legolas and the other elves of Mirkwood worked for Santa Claus, they would probably make some pretty bad ass toys.
Whoever named the sweater was wearing it in the summer like an idiot.
Does anyone know what fun it is to ride in a one horse open sleigh, or are we all just taking their word for it and telling others?
Scrooge wouldn't have gotten rich enough to help all those people at the end of he hadn't been such a cheap a--hole for all those years.

Normal Shower Thoughts
Isn't water-boarding just baptizing terrorists with freedom?
Aladdin made crippling poverty look like fun.
I doubt saying "calm down" has once ever had its desired effect.
Do you think Benedict Cumberbatch's friends ever say "No S--- Sherlock" if he states something obvious
How to keep good people in your life: Tell them the truth. How to get rid of bad people in your life: Tell them the truth.
Crossfit is the opposite of Fight Club. The first rule of Crossfit is to tell everyone that you do Crossfit.
If you ever want to feel bad about yourself. Just listen to an audio recording of you speaking. That should do the trick almost immediately.
Urinals: visual confirmation I didn't walk into the women's bathroom by accident.
Instead of looking up into the sky, you're actually gazing down into the infinite cosmic abyss, with only gravity holding you to the surface of the Earth.
If you have sex with a fat animal is it obeastiality?
Cleavage is the buttcrack of the heart.
Calling torture enhanced interrogation techniques is like saying rape is an enhanced intercouse technique
Did people typically have an extra empty pocket before cellphones existed?
Cops was the one show that really showed us that trash is trash it doesn't matter your race
Kale is Just Collard Greens For White People
How many different animals did we have to jump on the backs of before we discovered horses were cool with it?
The Moon causing the tides is where science and witchcraft most solidly intersect.
You can't really call it an "authentic 50s diner" if no one is smoking and minorities are being served.
A death certificate is like a diploma for life.
Your social life in high school and your social life in college are both HORRIBLE preparations for what a healthy social life should look like when you are an adult.
Nudists must have a really high electricity bill in the winter.
38 years of life and I'm fairly certain Sesame Street has never actually told or taught me how to get there
Dead whales on the beach were probably dumped there by other whales who murdered them
Someone should make soft/hard hybrid taco shells that don’t crack at the bottom when you bite them.
School doesn't even test your intelligence, it tests your memory.