The world record for number of beers in one sitting likely belongs to a paraplegic.
Blind people don't need lights in their houses.
How many cars have we unknowingly passed by on the road with a body in the trunk?
Boomerangs are frisbees for people who have no friends
I wonder how many miles I've scrolled on my mouse
Children are like guns: I think I'd like to have one of my own but I don't like when others have theirs out around me in public.
Kids go crazy over food treats because at that age they're basically dogs.
They probably don't get a lot of work done at the bubble wrap factory....
If we had a dollar for every speculative year that the universe has existed we still couldn't pay off the U.S. National Debt.
It doesn't really make a difference when a time machine is invented
The first person to pop popcorn must have freaked out.
The average person has above the average amount of legs
Under normal circumstances, your hands will never be more than an arms-length away.
The Wicked Witch of the West must have smelled like a dirty hippy since she was deathly allergic to water...
Girlfriend recently broke up with me... I regret every fart I've held in for you
I have spent well over 120,000 hours wearing pants, and therefore according to Malcolm Gladwell I am a complete master of the subject.
Having a lot of money is like having access to cheat codes in real life.
About 50% of marriages end in divorce, but the other 50% end in death
"Sat" is the past tense of "Sit" which means "Fat" should be the past tense of "Fit"
How fast does a zebra have to run before it turns grey?
The few remaining Native Americans are living in a post-apocalyptic world.
Hitting snooze when you wake up is like giving up before the day begins.
Somewhere out there is a rock that will be used to mark my grave.
Is the border between Sweden and Finland called the Finnish line?
Some people who donate to cancer charities are investing in their own future.
If more people had manual cars, there would be less deaths by texting while driving
Every time you fart, your butt applauds you.
Misplacing something is like preforming a magic trick on yourself.
The human tongue is an amazingly effective hair detector.
Words exist that could get me elected president
A lifted toilet seat is a flag to let women know a man was considerate enough to keep the seat tinkle free.
Spilling a beer is the adult equivalent of letting go of a balloon