All my teachers who said, "You won't ALWAYS have a calculator" were dead wrong.
I'm at this awkward phase of my life where I just want to watch reruns of Sponge Bob but also have to worry about my 401k.
All marijuana is medical marijuana if you believe that laughter is the best medicine.
These days anybody who is crazy enough to run for President is too crazy to be President.
I'll throw $3 at a snack, a latte, etc, without even a second thought. But a $0.99 app? Ouch - lemme think about that and read a dozen reviews...
Saying "amen" at the end of a prayer is kind of like pressing "send" on an email to God.
Dogs can smell things from far away, yet are compelled to sniff each other's butts millimeters away
Orchestras are nothing more than oversized cover bands
Earth worms are like dirt submarines
I think that going to other planets will be like going to Mt Everest. Only the rich will get to do it and they'll leave behind garbage and dead bodies.
We need a Boy Scouts for adult men. I'd love to go camping, hunting, & fishing and learn about nature with like-minded individuals.
Spiciness is the only flavor your anus can taste.
"Humpty Dumpty" is a good name for a one night stand
Seeing how it never caught on, I would argue that "hakuna matata" was, in fact, a passing craze.
I've never actually put gloves in my glove box
I wonder if giraffes get struck by lightning more oftern than any other animal.
Nothing embarrasses a psychic more than a surprise party.
Shouldn't the term 'YOLO' be used to discourage reckless behavior
If you are bored you should start studying because you will immediately find something more amusing to do
If an uprising succeeds, it's a revolution. If it fails, it's a rebellion.
There should be a reality show where country singers have to work on a farm for one month.
Why do people feel compelled to tell you how big of a responsibility adopting a puppy is, but when they find out you're pregnant they just tell you congratulations.
"Cowboy" just sounds like a really lame superhero.
Its not weird to drink a 6-pack of beer in a night.. but drink 6 sodas and OMG
The only thing pennies are useful for is to prevent me from getting more pennies.
If my wife and I ever have a child, I will be able to say I put her in the hospital
For being Canadian, geese sure are assholes.
Most airplanes are also tricycles.
Potheads who celebrate 4/20 is like an unemployed looking forward to the weekend.
Idea for a Japanese Game Show: Contestants do as many pushups as humanly possible. Put peanut butter on their face. Then big, friendly dogs are released as the contestants try to fend off their licking with extremely weak arms while collapsed on the floor.
When marijuana is legal people will say 4/20 is just another commercialized holiday.
Everyone is so nice while passing each other on boats, but horrifically ill-tempered while passing by car.
Church is more entertaining if you pretend the sermon is part of the ironic foreshadowing scene in an apocalypse/disaster movie.
I'm an adult who owns his own stove. I'm allowed to start a fire anytime I want.
I used to be scared of dentists because of the pain, now I'm scared of dentists because of the cost.
In the past decade, my wife and I have gone from kids trying to quietly have sex while their parents sleep to parents trying to quietly have sex while their kids sleep
Is a bear without teeth a gummy bear?
Farts are the screams of trapped turds
Never once in my adult life or as a child have I ever seen someone slip on a banana peel
I can kiss your lips, look into your eyes, but suddenly it's weird if I sniff your nose.
The Death Star must have had special toilets considering the aim of stormtroopers.
The lottery is like a tax on hope
Blind people probably don't yawn as much as other people.
If a Stormtrooper shoots and kills a major character in the new Star Wars movie, it will be the greatest plot twist of all time.
Pizza Companies should deliver cold pizza for breakfast.
As a kid I thought knowing the difference between stationary and stationery was going to be far more important
The only reason my company pays me is so that I can support myself enough to be able to continue coming to work and making money for them.



















