The most depressing part about setting an alarm for work is the read-out “5.5 hours until alarm”.
The first person to make ice cream probably ate all the ice cream in the world (at the time).
One of the most frustrating feelings in the world is being smart enough to know there’s a better way to do something but not smart enough to invent a way to do it.
In ancient civilizations, the rich were entertained by watching the poor attack each other in arenas. In modern civilizations, the poor are entertained by watching the rich attack each other in arenas
Ants are practically invisible on the ground. Until you spot one. Then all of a sudden you can spot them all, hidden in plain sight.
The Kardashian family is made up of a man who transformed into a woman (Tiresius), sisters who so ravenously crave attention they'll do anything to get it (Harpys), and a mother slowly turning to stone due to plastic surgery (Niobe). The Kardashians are Greek myths come to life for the 21st century.
Now would be a great time for MTV to come back out with Celebrity Deathmatch.
If you have a bachelor's degree in science or engineering, you have as much formal science education as Bill Nye. You are officially a Science Guy.
A lot of older people are completely comfortable talking to strangers on the street, but are scared of strangers on the internet. A lot of younger people are completely comfortable talking to strangers on the internet, but would not talk to a stranger on the street.
If phones warned that listening at a high volume may cause damage to headphones instead of hearing, more people would probably keep their volume lower.
Having a coworker quit is almost like they died. Everyone that's left has to deal with the aftermath, while they move on, unaware of the situation they left behind.
If you're a young adult the person who is going to pronounce you dead probably isn't even born yet.
The biggest economic bubble to ever pop will probably be Internet ads when our grandparents aren't around to click on everything anymore.
The biggest guy in prison has to be getting sick of all those new people punching him in the face
