There are two types of hotel guests in the world: those who ask when tomorrow’s breakfast begins, and those who ask when it ends.
Being a surgeon is like being a mechanic except you have to fix the car while the engine is running
Snipers and surgeons need steady hands for the exact opposite reasons
Seeing someone with two cell phones you assume one for business and one for personal use. Seeing somone with three you wonder if his two families know about each other.
Horses were the first labor force to lose their jobs to robots.
Internet maturity is when you see someone else’s status of them having an awesome time and you say to yourself, “good for them.”
One of the cruelest jokes your body can play on you is falling asleep watching TV, going to bed, and not being able to fall asleep for hours.
When Gandalf the Grey became Gandalf the White, it would have been a really good time for a laundry detergent commercial.
Since your internal voice doesn’t have to breath, you can scream internally forever
The worst feeling is when you catch up to a TV show and you have to wait a whole week for the next episode like a mortal
Colleges asking alumni for donations and charging student $50k+ a year for tuition is insulting.
Famous movie quotes are credited to the actor that said them and not the actual writer.
Every Friday the 13th is preferable to Monday the anything
One of the most satisfying feelings as a driver is witnessing an asshole driver getting pulled over by the cops for his stupidity.
Meal prepping is basically eating a week's worth of leftovers from a meal that never happened.
With Jeff Bezos having $116.8 billion and the average person having 100 billion brain cells, Jeff Bezos literally has more money than sense.
If you drive a new car, you are rich. If you drive an old car, you are poor. If you drive a super old car, you are super rich.
Replaying a video game that you used to love and eventually got bored of is like hooking up with an ex. It seems like a good idea at first, but you quickly realize why you stopped playing.
