No one drives faster than the guy sitting in the left lane slowing down traffic when you finally try to pass them
Every bathroom cleaner; use in a well ventilated area. Every bathroom; poorly ventilated.
Kids probably don't realize it yet, but pretending to be asleep is a skill that will come in handy for the rest of their lives.
The most underrated part of being a superhero with unbreakable skin must be their immunity to mosquitoes.
If the countries of Chad and Jordan ever went to war, all the news headlines would sound like they were about two really rich guys who were pissed at each other.
Making a typo in an online argument is the equivalent of voice cracking in a verbal argument.
The brain may have named itself, but it also recognized that it named itself and was surprised when it realized that.
It’s easier to win an argument with a smart person than a dumb person
There must have been a few merchants/other citizens who had to travel for work living in Pompeii at around 79 AD who returned home one day to a very unwelcome surprise.
Seeing a young person skating is cool, seeing a middle age person skating is not cool, but seeing an old person skating is probably the coolest thing ever
People who say 'Well, wait till you have kids!' in a bitter, exasperated tone are inadvertently showcasing the best reason not to have kids.
Every time it rains, someone is pissed because their plans have to be canceled, and someone else is thrilled because their plans have to be canceled
Psychos in movies chase their victim not by running, but by power-walking; because tiring your prey by relentless pursuit is the most basic hunting instinct for humans.
Compliments from strangers on the internet are probably among the most genuine compliments you can receive
Video Games perform significantly better than sunscreen at preventing sunburn.
Real life is like a Rpg, though instead of magic points, MP stands for Motivation Points and they run out damn fairly often.
The weather in england is so terrible, the beatles made a song about the sun coming out like it was a miracle.
