Somewhere in Hawaii, a man has gone to his bunker, lost cell reception, and will not to be seen again for a few decades.
A different version of you exists in the minds of everyone who knows who you are
Eating lunch alone as a kid is like torture, getting to eat lunch alone as an adult is a nice treat.
You know you've listened to an album too much when your brain plays the intro to the next song before it actually starts playing.
Many adults today don't know how to start a fire. Turn your back on a five year old, and he'll light a house on fire in minutes.
A man's nipples are the biological equivalent of the blank plastic panels they put in a car in places where you didn't get certain options.
Language is just agreed upon gibberish
Nowadays it is almost rude to ask a question instead of Googling it first.
If dinosaurs are ever brought back to life, they will be turned into the most expensive and sought after shoes/jackets/handbags.
Google translate is like a person who knows many languages but is not good at any of them.
Whenever Disney "re-imagines" an animated classic as a live action film, they use so much CGI that they’re essentially making an animated film.
The skeleton isn't inside you, you're the brain so you're inside the skeleton.
Someone needs to invent a microwave that scans the barcode of your food and cooks it the way it’s supposed to be cooked.
If you have $10,000 and found a $20 bill in your pocket, it would be the equivalent of Bill Gates finding $180 million in his pocket.
Web Browsers should wait and see if you got the password correct before asking if you want to save, update, or never for this website.
A 'hedge maze' made from sheets of falling water would be awesome at a water park.
All competitions should have a "control" competitor who is unskilled to give a reference for how amazing the competitors are.
Nobody ever immediately assumes there's a fire when the fire alarm goes off. Instead, we all just wonder what thing that isn't a fire is making it go off.