There must be someone out there that can has the potential to equal or perhaps surpass Albert Einstein and Steven Hawkings, but is wasted away playing league of legends or something.
90% of the toilet paper is used as a handle to grip the 10% that actually does the cleaning
Being a pilot is like being a cool bus driver, but a lame astronaut
Only in video games and soccer can people go from writhing in pain to totally healed with a drink of water.
Since there are 3600 seconds in an hour, and most people make less than $36.00/hr, their time is worth less than a penny per second. It's literally worth your time to pick up a penny from the ground.
Knowledge is knowing that you can carry all of the groceries in at once. Wisdom is making multiple trips so that by the time you are done, other family members have put away most of the groceries.
Country songs about sex in a truck bed next to a body of water in the South never mention how badly mosquito-bitten the participants would get.
A mid-week day off is all the relaxation of a Saturday and the anxiety of a Sunday rolled into one.
Changing a baby’s diaper would be 1000 times worse if they had hair down there...
Your tongue’s ability to detect hair is underrated.
The number 0 is like a portal from the positive world to the negative world
The biggest downside to cell phones is that instead of an argument being over when you leave for work, now - thanks to texting - the argument can continue All. Fucking. Day.
If we allowed people to adopt tigers as pets, we'd probably save the tiger population while getting our own population under control at the same time.
Sneezing while driving is seriously underrated as far as frightening events go
If it wasn't for smokers, it would have been many years until we could have charged our phones in cars
Some people are less social butterflies and more social moths; they come out at night and are drawn to bright shiny things that are bad for them.
The first thing you get after obtaining a bachelors degree is a sudden lack of respect for people with bachelors degrees.
The average smartphone today has 10x more processing power than the computer Jeff Goldblum used to hack the alien mothership in Independence Day
