With the amount of millennials suffering from allergies, future biological weapons will be made with a mixture of lactose, peanuts and gluten
Telling a dangerously overweight person not to lose weight because they're beautiful is like telling an alcoholic not to stop drinking because they're fun.
Being on your phone makes you seem really unproductive even if you’re being productive. Being on your laptop makes you seem really productive even if you’re being unproductive.
Deciding to become a parent is like choosing to take care of a drunk person for 13 years straight, and a hungover person for the next 5. Then paying for their rehab for the next 4.
Sears started out as a mail-order catalog that would deliver packages right to your door. It was driven to bankruptcy by an internet site that delivers packages right to your door.
As teenagers, getting picked up was embarrassing because everyone started driving. As adults, getting picked up is great because you don't have to drive.
Poor 13. It just missed the clock, times tables, the dozen, the apostles, the calendar (months) and is considered the unluckiest number. It can’t get a break.
Teachers will be quick to say that a classroom isn’t a place to sleep, but by that logic a house isn’t a place to study.
Typing "Minimum" on a keyboard is like playing a really crap game of ping pong.
At least one Jedi probably killed themselves because they were holding their lightsaber the wrong way around when they turned it on.
70% of the earth is covered in water but in movies spaceships always crash on land
There must be a portion of deaf people that don’t know gifs are silent
A date is like a two-way interview where both the people are trying to get hired while evaluating whether to hire the other person or not.
We are probably living in the most comfortable era that has existed and will ever exist: less war, poverty, disease, etc. than at any time before in history, and before carbon levels and antibiotic resistance ruin our environment and life expectancy and we don't even realize it.
Getting drunk is going ”double or nothing” on your happiness.
