A guy named "Weird Al" has had a 40+ year long career with no allegations of sexual impropriety.
We say “marriage is forever” but divorce is definitely more forever
When you're sick, the advice you get is to literally do drugs and stay out of school. Thanks mom.
If humans ever have to leave earth, there is a good chance the amish will get left behind.
Pineapple on pizza is like the country music of pizza. People either like it or they will literally threaten to murder everyone that even speaks of it.
College Students are simultaneously stereotyped for not getting enough sleep and for sleeping all the time.
At a certain point in your life, sitting at home alone, watching TV on a Friday night goes from being super depressing to the most enjoyable part of your week.
In years to come there will be legions of Instagram "Models" and "Influencers" working shitty jobs because their looks have faded and they haven't got any work experience.
Medical offices have a lot of nerve asking you to show up 15 minutes early but then not getting to you until 45 minutes after your scheduled time.
We use tables to keep food off the floor, table cloths to keep food off the table, place mats to keep food off the table cloth and plates to keep food off the place mats.
You ever think about what people will be like in 1000 years? How it's almost impossible to think about? In 1018 somebody thought the same thing. You are the uncomprehendable future they thought about.
The sun must be incredibly hot if you can feel it from earth but you can’t feel a fireplace from 5 feet away.
People drink alcohol with a paper bag wrapped around it to hide the fact that it's alcohol. But nothing looks more like alcohol than a drink in a paper bag.
There are plenty of chemicals that kill cancer. The trick is finding one that doesn't kill humans too.
With an ear of corn, you throw away the outside and then cook the inside, then you eat the outside and throw away the inside.
The elderly are no longer automatically given respect because the state of modern medicine allows them to get old in spite of a lifetime of bad decision making instead of having survived so long through good decision making. Age no longer equals wisdom.
In the 1960s, people fantasized the 21st century would have robotic vacuums, still have cats as pets, and some visionaries might have even predicted on-demand video. But nobody could have predicted the 21st century would have thousands of on-demand videos depicting cats riding on robotic vacuums.
Going to bed 20 minutes early seems pointless, but snoozing your alarm 5 minutes feels amazing.
