The candles you blow out on a birthday cake represent the years extinguished from your life
Teach a man to fish and you feed him for life. Teach a man to google and you'd never need to teach him to fish in the first place.
The story of Anakin Skywalker is basically somebody not getting the promotion they want so they show up to work the next day with a weapon.
Our parents warned us for years about the 'dangers' of the internet while knowing nothing about it, then finally dove in and fell for every. Single. One.
The difference between looking at the stars and looking at the sun is like the difference between listening to a choir and having someone scream directly into your ear
If you see someone wearing a $20,000 watch it's hard to know if they're really good with money or really bad with money.
When we lose track of the mouse cursor, our first instinct is to move it erratically, because we adapted to looking for quick movements when hunting.
If every highschool/college student took a one year long practical course where they work one semester in retail and one semester in food service, there would be far less rude customers
You could add any numbers after 3.14159265358 and people would probably believe you if you said you knew the first 100 digits of pi
Families protect and pass down valuable items for generations until they finally reach someone unworthy, who then sells the items and gets the reward for all the prior selfless efforts.
In most groups of friends, one of them will eventually go to all the other friends' funerals, and one of them won't go to anyone's funeral
If your identical twin got plastic surgery, it would be hard not to feel a little insulted
If you speak with a lot of slang and profanity in your native language, you don't speak the language very well. If you speak with a lot of slang and profanity in a second language, you speak the language excellently.
Shaking hands, giving the peace sign, and bumping fists are all ways to say goodbye. It's like rock paper scissors, except you want to tie.
A sure sign that you're getting old is when people start saying "you still got it" in regards to any skill you have
A scary movie relying on jump scares is like a comedian tickling you to make you laugh
The only people forced to see anti-piracy warnings are the people who don't pirate movies.
