If aliens landed on earth today (April 1st) half of us would think it’s an April fools joke and the other half would think it’s the second coming.
Sleep is the body's best safety mechanism. It keeps you from screwing things up for 8 hours.
Having a pet is having a mutual understanding with another species that we will not eat each other unless absolutely necessary
Having a cat is a lot like having a college roommate. Most of the time you each do your own thing, but occasionally you hang out. Also, they sometimes try to eat your food and throw up in your laundry.
The walls of hospitals have heard more sincere prayers than the walls of churches.
Spiders can poop out a new house that stocks itself with food whenever they feel like it.
In 300 years you will be gone and forgotten, but the Capri Sun you drank in the third grade will still be in a landfill someplace.
The Ninja Turtles probably smelled terrible.
Adulthood is like losing your mom in the grocery store for the rest of your life.
there probably is a gang out there completely made up of undercover cops who all think they are the only undercover cop in the gang
April Fool's joke news is harder to spot because we live in times when ordinary news is ridiculous.
There is no physical evidence to say that today is Wednesday, we all just have to trust that someone has kept count since the first one ever.
Kids today will never know that unique smell of Blockbuster which was kinda like a mixture of candy and carpet.
The super-rich have fast cars, private jets, many large homes, exclusive designer fashion, live-in chefs, original artworks, and the same phone as you.
For the first 8 minutes of your life the sunlight around you is older than you are
A lot of people probably never realized Stephen Hawking was British since he didn't have an accent.
15 years ago, "phone" referred to your home phone and you had to say "cell phone" to clarify your mobile device. Now "phone" refers to mobile and you have to say "home phone" to clarify your house phone
