Amazon is just Wal-Mart but with the workers' misery hidden from view
Your birthday is only your special day if you have friends that make it your special day. Otherwise it's just a reminder that you don't have any friends.
Negative thoughts are like fat, it takes a long time to get rid of it and only a short time to gain it back.
For every girl who wonders if a guy is staring at her, there is a guy who accidentally makes eye contact and is now afraid that she thinks he was staring at her.
We are living a day which is going to be an exam question in a history class 50 years from now
The most effective alarm clock is the sound of your cat/dog throwing up on the floor.
Pets are "the 1%" of animals.
Dogs can be our best friends, but the cat will never tell the police where the marijuana is.
Corrupt cops are just undercover criminals.
Nothing screams first world problem more than trying to decide which piece of your food you want to eat last cause the last flavor in your mouth matters.
Everyone asks where we go after we die, but no-one asks where we are before we are born.
It is REALLY weird that we drink other animals' milk and act like its normal, while drinking our own species' milk is considered disgusting unless you're an infant
Kids endlessly asking "why" are actually applying the socratic method and stimulate adults to think critically.
Men may never know the pain of childbirth, but women will never know the pain of finding out the child they've been raising isn't their own.
The only negative thing about nicer weather is losing all that pocket storage from your jacket.
On a typical workday most of us wake up at 5am, spend 1-2 hours in traffic, and 9-10 hours on the job. We later walk into our front door at 5-6pm which leaves roughly 2-3 hours of family time. We spend 12-14 hours daily, working to provide for a family that we rarely see.
The reason Where's Waldo is hard is because everyone is inexplicably wearing white and red stripes. Kinda like how finding a job as a millennial is hard because everyone is educated, dedicated, and paradoxically missing the experience needed for an entry level position.
“-esque” is the formal version of “-ish”
It must be insulting and frustrating for a human to work a minimum wage job. Millions of years of evolutionary fine tuning of problem solving skills, ingenuity, and a desire to engage the world all interrupted by a series of repetitive, brainless tasks so they can eat and stay out of the elements.
You never realize how much you use a part of your body until it gets injured.
As a child, you think cyclists wearing helmets look stupid. As an adult, you know cyclists without helmets are stupid.
You're only being creepy if the other person is not attracted to you.
A kid loves zoos because he loves animals. An adult hates zoos because he loves animals
No disappointment is greater than trying something new on the menu instead of your go to dish and being let down.
