At the age of 60, Snoop Dogg will be 420 in dog years
There's probably some women out there whose children secretly belong to the wrong man and are freaking out about the fact that people are taking DNA tests for fun.
A lot of people are going to be pissed when they find out their self-driving car wont go 60 in a 55.
As a kid, carnival rides are scary because they’re fast. As an adult, carnival rides are scary because you’re worried about their maintenance.
Do you realize that if aliens come to Earth, we will have to explain why we made movies in which we fight and kill them
"What did we do to deserve dogs?" Well, we literally genetically engineered them to like us ... that's what we did
Taking candy from a baby is actually the responsible thing to do
Your diapers from childhood are sitting in a landfill somewhere, not even partially decomposed. By the time you hit old age, they still won’t be halfway decomposed.
Depression is living in the past, while anxiety is living in the future.
Foxes are just cat software running on dog hardware
As a male, one of the worst kinds of silence is when you try to pee in the toilet at night and don't hear a splash
One of the most underrated pleasures in life is getting a refreshing drink of water after having a dry throat all night.
Searching for a Google image of something and getting a Pinterest result is just basically saying "Guess we're not looking at that one today"
Maybe people would be better at standing up and talking if we hadn't been told to sit down and shut up for the first quarter of our lives
If the Queen ever sent her current knights into battle, all those celebrity singers would likely be slaughtered.
Goths must be so annoyed that it's now mainstream to hate life and other people
It'd be so much cooler if the ball in Times Square climbed a little bit higher every night of the year at midnight until it reached its highest point on December 31st, then dropped as always to start the new year
If a driver-less car detected a thief it could just lock the doors, and drive straight to the nearest police station.
