sub(.*\n.*\n.*\n.*\n.*\n?)

Thanks to Elon Musk, there is now a non-zero chance of getting into a car accident in space.
What Elon Musk did validated every kid who has strapped a hot wheels car to a toy rocket
(The Telsa in space has a copy of the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy in the glove box) It is possible that a million years from now, the last existing book in the English language will be that copy of Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy that's in the glove box of the space car.
Prepare to see Elon Musk's car as an Easter Egg floating in the background of Sci-fi movies.
Imagine how dumb aliens are going to think we are when they find an abandoned spaceship that has wheels instead of rockets...
Someday there will be a Google Doodle celebrating Elon Musk's 100-and-something birthday
Today, flat earth deniers get to watch live feed of a billionaires car floating around a sphere thing we have named Earth.
If wookies have a 400 year life span, then Han Solo is basically like Chewbacca's third dog
Teenagers drink alcohol to feel like older adults. Adults drink alcohol to feel like teenagers again.
Nap time would be more useful in high school rather than elementary school
Imagine how rich you would have had to be 200 years ago to have music playing in the background while you cook dinner
Prince Charles is nearly 5 years older than the UK men’s retirement age, and he’s not even started the job he was born to do.
The first person who will be killed by a sex robot is probably already walking among us, unaware of how unflattering their obituary is going to read.
Sleeping in until 11am sounds lazier than waking up at 9am and taking a two hour nap later on in the day.
Narcissus would probably be thrilled to hear that he has a flower and a psychological condition named after him.
Squirrels always look and act like it's their first day being a squirrel.
Imagine living with an alien species whose food is so amazing that you'd risk punishment just to eat the inedible plastic containers that the food came in. That's a dog's point of view.
The year 2359 will be the last year that people can go "Oh hey, the time is the year!"