It's crazy that something like a Wal-Mart gift card is printed on plastic, but my social security card is printed on the flimsiest piece of paper I've ever handled.
We make fun of people Instagramming their food, but lest we forget that, during the Renaissance, lots of artists were just painting bowls of fruit.
Google is like a cool landlord who lets you stay rent free, but you know that when you're gone he goes in your room and sniffs your panties/underwear.
The radio industry would be dead if it weren't for cars having radios.
I know with 100% certainty that I have a finite amount of time on this Earth and I will die, yet I sit here watching stupid cat videos on youtube.
We don't have voluntary control over our internal organs because our brains don't trust us enough to keep ourselves alive.
Being scared to end a relationship is like receiving the "are you sure you want to quit, any unsaved progress will be lost" pop up for the game of life
No matter the background, it seems like every child has instinctively played "The Floor is Lava" and "Don't Let the Balloon Touch the Floor".
My parents always tell me to stop wasting money on video games. But they have really expensive plates that are never used.
I often pick up an old video game really wanting to play and then get bored within minutes. It's because I don't want to play it as adult me, what I really want is to go back in time.
If a girl says "my girlfriend" she could be talking about a friend or her SO. If a guy says "my boyfriend" he's almost definitely talking about his SO
At one point, the richest man on the planet just had more berries 'n stuff than the others.
There have been entire civilizations who would never have known that water has a solid form
I've been so used to feeling depressed that being happy for long periods of time makes me uncomfortable
When stopping for fast food, my decision on where to stop is strongly based on whether or not I have to turn left into the place.
In my 22 years of experience as a guy, urinating in nature is always far more satisfying than urinating into a toilet.
I can go a whole day without eating and not even notice, but if the doctor asks me to fast for 12h before an exam, my brain thinks I'm starving to death
I wish I liked other people as much as my dog does, and that my dog liked other dogs as much as I do.




