Soldiers not only die for us, they kill for us, which is a sacrifice not as often recognized, and must be a terrible burden to bear.
One of the worst feelings is the feeling of your sleeves sliding down you wrists as you wash your hands
George Orwell predicted cameras watching us in our homes, but he didn't predict that we would buy and install them ourselves.
A lot of relationships start off with "Don't ever change" then progress to "You have to change" and end with "You've changed"
Considering the health issues associated with sitting in one place for too long, ADHD is an evolutionary defense mechanism in response to our society.
Referring to your employees as "family" is the corporate equivalent to telling a prostitute you love her.
Maybe little kids have it right when they worship the garbage man, the postman, the guy who drives the semi and cranes, instead of admiring the cesspool of Hollywood that we adults seem to.
I️ bet people with one arm are amazing at spooning.
candy corn is just corn turned into corn syrup then back into corn
If The Walking Dead was set in any other country, there probably wouldn't still be enough guns/ammo to continue having full on firefights every couple days.
A good slogan for a company that produces piñatas would be: "You buy it, you break it."
Homeless people should pitch their tents outside big box stores and sell theitr spot in line to Black Friday shoppers.
Everybody's lips were probably REALLY chapped during the ice age
Considering how much they tend to like garlic, crucifixes, being in the sun and looking in mirrors, it would really suck for an italian dude to get turned into a vampire.
Schrodinger's song is the first few seconds before you know if the song is "Under Pressure" or "Ice Ice Baby".
When you get half a pickle with your sandwich, you are sharing a pickle with a stranger.
A child is the most expensive thing you can get for free.
If and when colonization on Mars is successful, the path that Curiosity has taken will likely become a tourist destination like the freedom trail in Boston
whoever invented light switches on the outside of bathroom doors was probably an only child