The iPhone X is more expensive than 2 humans in Libya
In the old days taping your password to your monitor was idiotic. Now it's the only place online hackers can't get to it.
If a stopped clock is right twice daily, then a heart of a dead person is doing what its supposed to do half the time
It kinda makes sense that the target audience for fidget spinners lost interest in them so quickly
Being an adult is having the “we have food at home” talk with yourself.
Our ancestors wiped their asses with leaves. Today, we chop down trees, trucks the logs to a factory, grind the wood into pulp, bleach it, press it thinly, cut it into rolls, wrap it in plastic, ship it to stores, we buy it, take it home, hang it on the wall, and wipe our asses with it.
Memes are just inside jokes with people you don't know
Who cares if there's another habitable planet 11 light years away, most of us are nervous to go to the store.
"Don't burn your tongue on free coffee" would make a great modern idiom.
(video game reference for Sean) Baby gates are the exact equivalent to - This area is locked until you’ve gained more experience.
Surfing the web has become like watching TV back in the day, just flicking through a handful of websites looking for something new on.
If you know Dasher and Dancer, Prancer and Vixen, Comet and Cupid and Donner and Blitzen, it's pretty much a guarantee that you'll recall the most famous reindeer of all.
The worst part about ‘being the bigger man’ is letting the other person think they are right.
Willy Wonka tells the kids "Anything you want to, do it" and then proceeds to get upset with the children throughout the rest of the movie for doing exactly that.
The first actor who said "curses" while playing a villain may have just been reading the stage directions.
People who need glasses had to pay extra for life’s HD option
The only use of pennies is to avoid getting more
What if Adam and Eve WERE the first two people on earth, physically and mentally perfect, and what the human race is now is the dumb and deformed result of years and years of inbreeding?