I correct auto-correct more than auto-correct corrects me
I would never watch a pro golf tournament but I would definitely watch a pro mini golf tournament
You know you're getting old when the "edgy" music you used to play to piss your parents off is being played as background music at Walmart
If you like to drink, you know when the liquor store closes. If you are an alcoholic, you know when it opens.
Grave yards would be a lot more interesting if each grave listed the cause of death
Not many things say "this is someone else's problem now" more than a leaf blower does.
The first dude that accidentally drew an optical illusion must've thought he was going insane
I'll bet the guy who invented the snooze button never invented anything else.
(for Positive Sean) Why do "do what makes you happy" commercials always show people that like to hike/adventure, and not show people that like to sit in a dimly lit room playing video games for hours on end.
Life is just a series of obstacles preventing you from taking a nap.
I get more excited counting down the final 10 seconds for food in the microwave than I do the New Years ball drop.
I'm embarrassed buying condoms but fine buying toilet paper. So apparently I'm more proud of pooping than having sex
The worst part of having the hiccups is having to listen to people tell you their cure for the hiccups.
All I really want is to just live a simple life in the country surrounded by futuristic technology of my choosing.
Saying, "I'm unphotogenic" is a socially acceptable way of saying, "I think I'm more attractive than all the best available evidence suggests."
When driving long distances I become "friends" with random people driving cars that go the same direction as me and I'll most likely never see them again and I get sad when they get off on an exit.
Whenever I notice that I've driven behind the same car for quite some distance, I start to think that they think I'm following them.
People get offended by an innocent fart, yet would bless you for sneezing which could easily give them the flu.
Being a pessimist is awesome because you're either right or pleasantly surprised
Eye glasses make you look smart, but you fail a test to get them.




