People who think the eclipse glasses are unnecessary will be literally blinded by their ignorance.
85% of the Internet considers themselves an introvert and they are all outspoken about it
Antartica is an island with only a northern coast.
The loss of your dog is exactly the kind of thing your dog would've helped you through.
I just want to be "buy stuff for my hobby and not feel guilty" rich.
For a song entitled "Piano Man" it sure does have a lot of harmonica.
When flirting biting your lower lip is sexy, but biting your upper lip isn't
My parents used to say there would be people offering drugs to me for free until I got addicted to them and then would charge exorbitant prices for it. Looking at the games in the app stores nowadays, I think those drug dealers all turned into game developers.
Billionaires are probably warning us about AIs because the first thing any sentient AI would do is warn us about Billionaires.
The brain is the most complex thing ever, according to the brain. So complex that it can't understand itself or it's so stupid it can't understand itself. It's like the brain has told everyone that its so complex to hide the fact that it's stupid. Which is the smartest thing the brain has ever done.
Giving candy to a baby is way worse than taking candy from a baby.
I wish I was "college student who doesn't have a job, but can afford to go to Europe for Spring break" rich
I think the ultimate threat a teenage girl could use against their mother is "I will turn you into a Grandma".
Brain surgery is just a bunch of brains trying to help another brain out.
Never has Windows actually found a solution when a program crashes and says "checking for a solution to the problem"
Washing machines should have a reservoir tank that I have pour a whole jug of detergent in and it automatically dispenses the correct amount via small pump every load.
We live in a world where GTA is a kid's game and Candy Crush is an adult's.
I bet people would use sunscreen more if it was marketed as anti radiation cream
