Most of the trash on the streets is from junk food because people that don't care about their own health aren't going to care about the health of the planet.
I am much more likely to stay up to 5AM than to wake up at 5AM.
I have no problem swallowing saliva while it's in my mouth, but once i spit it in a glass it becomes disgusting to even think about swallowing.
I used to notice my shadow a lot more when I was a kid
One day some unborn whippersnapper is going to scam elderly me with some newfangled technology
When I'm staying at a hotel, I only assume that the other rooms also have guests in them. It would be very unsettling to find out I was the only person staying on that entire floor.
My dog has been fed twice a day for its entire 13 yr life, but every day he acts like he's never been fed and may never eat again.
I have full confidence that my taste in music is good, until I'm playing in front of others.
If millenials aren't getting married, eventually they will be blamed for destroying the divorce lawyer market
"One of us will attend 6 funerals and one of us will attend none" said my wife about her 6 siblings
"It'll only take a minute" and "it's gonna take me a minute" have two vastly different meanings despite them having the same exact length of time
As long as I've been alive, I still have no idea what to do while people are singing Happy Birthday to me.
The purpose of a lock is to turn a door into a wall
If i had a dollar for everytime I packed a banana thinking it'd be a quick snack only to forget about it and have it get squished and stink up my backpack, I'd have like 13 dollars.
Think about how lucky we are blinking doesn't make a noise.
I would give anything, for one day, to be a complete stranger to myself and see what I'm like/what people think from an outside perspective.
Doing the same thing over and over again expecting different results isn't insanity. It's collecting sample data to estimate the population distribution.
By always blaming Millenials, we are showing that our generation (which raised them) doesn't take responsibility for our problems.
