As a kid, when I fell asleep I used to teleport from the couch to my room, now when I'm older, when I get drunk I teleport from the party to anywhere.
As a kid, my chain always came off my bike. As an adult, it hasn't happened once and I wonder what the hell I was doing.
Fidget spinners have made me question whether I'm too old to understand a trend, or old enough to know it's stupid.
The media tells me that millennials are narcissistic, entitled, and rude. Working in customer service has taught me that is mostly everyone.
I'm far more skeptical of meat I cook for myself than a hamburger made by an underpaid/overworked teenage stranger who passes food to me through my car window
People act like reading books is the only productive form of reading, yet I spend hours reading and learning online every day.
Ladybugs are basically flying cockroaches, but we give them a free pass because they're wearing a cool shirt.
When I have kids I'll understand that they can't pause an online game.
The best part of a cucumber tastes like the worst part of a watermelon.
I've trained my dog to bark at the door whenever he wants to go in or out, but to him, he thinks he has trained me to open the door whenever he barks.
Those trash cans that have a foot pedal to open the lid, we should use the same technique to lift the toilet seat in public restrooms.
I have seen more of the surface of the Moon with my own eyes than I have of Earth.
As a male, I peed once through the crack between the lid and base when sitting down and now I have a constant fear of doing it again.
In 50 years, they'll be able to rerun "How it's made" by simply changing the title to "How it was Made"
I'm not really scared of dying, I'm more bummed about all of the technology I'll never get to see.
Before video games existed, the phrase "Crap, I died" was probably never spoken.
Even though hundreds of people write them, Wikipedia pages always sound like they're written by one person
When I see a "Baby on Board" sticker on a car, I feel like it's really more your responsibility than mine.
The 'Beyond' gives Bed Bath and Beyond the ability to sell anything, without seeming out of place.
Jump scares in horror movies are like fart jokes in comedy movies.






