Weddings are weird because it's totally socially acceptable to get all your friends and family together, sort them by how much you like them, and place them at tables that shows the ranking based on proximity to you.
Shrek may unintentionally have the most realistic message of all animated films in that, "regardless of inner beauty, people will probably end up with someone who matches them outwardly."
If bees earned minimum wage, a jar of honey would cost $182,000.
Honey is totally underrated. Its the only natural food that's made without destroying any kind of life. It's also the only food that won't rot.
At special occasions girls with curly hair straighten it and girls with straight hair curl it.
Technically almost every mirror you buy at a store is in used condition.
People who don't scoop up their dogs' poop while on walks are probably also the same people who don't flush after themselves in public restrooms
My biggest source of self-hatred is the fact I will procrastinate for hours on end to avoid literally 15 minutes work, and then wonder where my day went...
The english language allows me to say "I don't know" without opening my mouth. Hum a low note a high note, then another low note.
I'm pretty sure this is the century that decides if mankind's future looks like in Star Trek, Wall-E or Mad Max
Surely those who find bad jokes funny have a better sense of humour than those who don't, like how a better metal detector gives a stronger reading for small amounts of metal.
Sometimes I feel like I could hold my own in the UFC; and then i hit my elbow on a doorway and cant move for 10 minutes.
"Why didn't you?" sounds perfectly normal. "Why did not you?" sounds horribly incorrect
Guys want good girls to be bad for them. Girls want bad guys to be good for them.
Being "on the road" is exciting, being "on the street" is depressing.
The generation who bought pet rocks doesn't understand the point of fidget spinners.
All of the "crazy" people that put tape over the cameras on their computers don't seem very "crazy" anymore
Evolution produces organisms that don't believe in evolution
"The Macarena" dance is just a slowed down version of what I do when my phone isn't in my front pocket.


