Security at every level of an airport is absolutely ridiculous. Until you get to the baggage claim. Then it’s just like take whatever bag you want.
Teachers probably enjoyed class movie days more than we did.
By the time we get people to stop using their phones while driving, we will have self driving driving cars, allowing us to use our phones while driving.
The problem with the modern medicine is that instead of extending our youth it extends our old age.
Sometimes seeing an ad online reminds me to cancel my membership with them.
If any realistic message came out of Shrek, it would be that ugly people don't need to worry about being ugly since they will just marry other ugly people.
Taking dating advice from attractive people is like taking finance advice from someone who won the lottery
As much as I use my smart phone I don't think I have ever seen it in any of my dreams
It's 2017, any place that charges a convenience fee to pay bills online is just an a**hole.
Picking up this tiny piece of paper would take 2 seconds, but instead, I’m gonna run it over 100 times with my vacuum at different angles.
Charging $99 for a $15 case of water is considered price gauging, but charging $800 for an $8 bag of saline is considered “Healthcare.”
Attractive nurses probably never get accurate pulse readings from their patients
Snapchat's slogan is "Life is better when you live in the moment" but the app encourages users to record everything that happens instead of just experiencing it.
If your favorite band visits you in the hospital, odds are you're screwed.
There should be a reality show where flat-earthers have to find the edge of the world.
Despite all that's going on in the world and in life, I will never be as angry as I am as when my headphone cable snags on something and rips the bud out of my ear.
In real life, people that don't like you usually stay quiet and people that like you talk to you. On the internet, people that don't like you often talk to you, and people that like you stay silent.