Dogs are like having children on easy mode. They will eat literally anything, poop outside, and won't ever go to college. And they think you're the greatest thing in the world just because you are there
I never realized how much needed to be taught to us until my son asked me if he could pee in the trashcan.
I'm not fully committed to the video until I turn my phone sideways.
I hate to spend $6.50 on six pieces of raw chicken, but dont hesitate to spend $5 on one chicken sandwich.
Humans are a super AI invented by mother nature and now we are slowly destroying our creator, the exact thing we are afraid of happening with computer AI today.
Parents are the opposite of fake friends. They will talk crap about you to your face, but have your back when you aren't there.
It blows my mind that there's people too lazy to rerack weights at the gym. The entire premise of going to the gym is not being lazy.
Rappers pretend they have more money than the really do. Country Singers pretend that they have less money than they really do.
No matter what I do, I always feel like a teenager pretending to be an adult
Uber and Lyft should have a "do not disturb" option so your driver knows you don't want to chit chat for the entire ride....
You can punish a child once or twice, and he'll learn to stop doing whatever got him punished. Dogs might need to be punished 3 or 4 times to learn. I can throw my cat out of the room every night until it dies and she still wont figure out why.
Classical orchestras are just really big cover bands.
There should be an option to turn off the annoying fake laughs and claps on tv shows.
The generations that covered wood floor with linoleum and put wall to wall carpeting in bathrooms have the nerve to talk crap about “millennials”.
The Mad Max franchise is a documentary about the time Australia's internet went out for a month
Amazon could really use a "filter out Chinese sellers" option
Before we had an understanding of medicine, allergies must have been really weird. "Oh yeah, we farm almonds but sometimes people die from eating them so it's pretty sketchy"