Its common for babies to fall asleep and wake up in different locations all the time, but as an adult the idea of that happening is terrifying.
Statistically 100% of World Wars are caused by Austrians
You can save 100% by staying home on Black Friday
The human body is technically capable of reproduction at 12, but the brain hasn't stopped fully developing before you're 25. Mentally you're most likely to not be ready to be a father at 25, but physically, you'd be old enough to be someone's grandfather.
One day, that “secret family recipe” will just be that recipe their ancestor looked up online years ago and everybody liked.
In Monsters Inc. the most respected people in society are factory workers.
The front pocket on a 'hoodie' is basically a widely used, discreet, and acceptable version of a 'fanny pack'
If you win a years worth of calendars, do you only win one calendar?
You know how we could save a lot of water? Automatic flush toilets that don't unnecessarily flush three times during one use.
“Meatball” is probabaly the laziest named food after “Orange”.
“Don’t judge a book by its cover” should be updated to “don’t judge a book by its movie”
Harry Potter was recently translated into its 80th language. What if it became a kind of "Rosetta Stone" to future archeologists?
Someday archeologists are going to dig up Disney World and think that it was some type of bizarre mouse worshipping kingdom.
When you're tired at night, everything's funny. When you're tired in the morning, nothing's funny.
We look at ruined castles and think they’re picturesque, but to a medieval person that view would be post-apocalyptic.
The first person to suck in helium probably thought there voice was forever changed for a scary 20 seconds or so.
If the Earth is flat, how is it a global conspiracy?
If kids were taught so that they understand, they would release more dopamine and become hooked to it. Instead we expect them to do unrewarding things such a memorization and let them associate learning with frustration.
No one has ever clicked on a link and said "this article would be better if it was a slideshow."

