2016: The year all your favorite celebrities died 2017: The year all your favorite celebrities were dead to you.
If any TV show were to come to a sudden and unexpected end, it makes sense that it’d be one named “House of Cards.”
If telepathy was real we would all be able to hear each other screaming, "move!" in our heads at the grocery store.
A surprisingly big part of being an adult is trying to schedule a time when you can afford to have a mental breakdown.
Calves drink their mother cow’s milk until they’re old enough to realize one day they can just eat the floor.
People will eat the same thing for breakfast every day of their life, but absolutely lose it when they have the same thing for dinner two nights in a row.
No one has a problem with bottled water, but for some reason canned water always seems absurd.
It is unacceptable to use doping to win the Olympics, but it is permissible to use autotune to win a Grammy
Your parents are more likely to say you're attractive because you look somewhat like the person they're attracted to.
Raising a child is basically a race against time to see if you can teach a tiny animal everything they need to know in oder to avoid going to jail in under 18 years
Buying Halloween candy as an adult is like paying your dues for all the years of free candy you took from people.
If it was actually possible to project a bat signal onto clouds the nights sky would be awash with advertisements in every city
when we say 'ctrl', 'alt', 'del' out loud, we don't use the full version of alt
Starbucks calling their smallest size “tall” is the coffee equivalent of a Napoleon Complex
we pay many rappers to hear what a luxurious life they lead with our money
Can't wait for the time when we have to write "Earth" as the destination at the end of a shipping address.
The more talented the actor, the less likely we are to know what they're really like.
Running would sound way different if our buttcracks were horizontal
The two main characters of VeggieTales are both fruits.
