The older I get the less I hate the Kardashians, and the more I hate their fans.
If you go to Walmart and you don't see any weird people, does that make YOU the weird person?
University is great because you're effectively an unemployed alcoholic but your parents are really proud of you.
Pregnancy is like a group project where one person gets stuck with all the work.
Couches are amazing to nap on in the afternoon but become strangely uncomfortable if you have to sleep on one at night.
All non-fiction documentaries are part of the same cinematic universe
The majority of TacoBell's menu is just varying amounts of the same ingredients placed in different edible vessels.
I don't dislike mornings. I dislike being woken up and having to do a bunch of stuff right after.
People born in 1999 turns 18 this year. 90s kids aren't kids anymore.
It's interesting that the older generations that warned millennials not to talk to strangers are the ones who click virus links in emails from people they don't know.
I bet half of online arguments could be prevented if people had to put their age next to things they post.
There shouldn't be a stigma about going to the movies alone. The activity where you can't talk to someone should be the one you can do alone.
Sometimes I confuse time and money and think there is only 60 cents in a dollar.
I wonder if people stranded on deserted islands clean up their 'HELP' or 'SOS' signs before they leave. If not, how many times has a rescue landed and looked for hours for someone that's no longer there?
Google could be lying about how many search results it gives, noone's going to actually check that far.
The letter X has more uses in math than in the English language.
There's probably a person smarter than Einstein somewhere in Africa working all day to get a few dollars to feed his children.
Our nervous system has over 200,000 years worth of engineering and yet it still can't tell the difference between a sabre tooth tiger and the 20 members of the audience waiting to see your speech presentation.