When medication says "do not operate heavy machinery" they're probably mainly referring to cars, but my mind always goes to forklift.
Everyone is going to be very disappointed when famous people keep dying in 2017
The reason "the real joke is always in the comments" is because it's way easier to add comedy than to create it from nothing. This is why your hilarious friend can't just go on stage and do stand up.
It’s weird how “Fact-checking” and “News” are treated like two separate concepts nowadays.
No matter how legitimately thrilled I am by a gift, I always feel like my "thank you"s don't sound genuine
If I get up 10 minutes earlier than usual, I treat it like 2 extra hours and end up late for work.
Sleep should be rolled over. Like "Oh, you got 20 hours of sleep today? Cool man, you don't need sleep for the next three days."
You don't realize how loud normal everyday activities are until you try doing them at 3am in a sleeping household.
As a child, whenever I saw a limousine I always expected there was someone rich or famous inside. Now when I see a limousine, I expect it's a bunch of trashy high school kids.
Cup holders are just cup cups.
I find replying to an insult easier than replying to a compliment
The "Be Cool. Stay In School." campaign is what taught me that dropping out was even a possibility.
When I was Single I wanted sex, now that I'm married all I want is to be able to play video games...
An awful lot of people think they'll survive the zombie apocalypse when they can't even avoid the common cold.
Home is where the toilet paper is the softest
All though freezing rain can be annoying we should be grateful there isn't boiling rain.
People who brag about having a secret admirer are basically bragging that someone is ashamed to publicaly admit they like them.
Butter is just abused milk.
It's funny, most of the guys who kiss sleeping/presumably dead girls in Disney movies are idolized. While ones in the real world are in prison.
If my dog could cry real tears, I doubt I'd have the emotional strength to ever leave my house.