Ketchup makes bad food better but good food worse
Humans are such apex predators that we think getting scared like prey is fun and entertaining.
Considering that Moon-landing deniers and flat-Earthers are a thing today, Mars-colony and Earth-origin deniers will be a thing in the future.
Timepiece with the fewest moving parts: Sundial. Timepiece with the most moving parts: Hourglass.
A very underrated accomplishment is that toilets don't require any power to flush
The first time someone steals a spaceship and flies away is going to be epic.
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
The phrase "Click it or Ticket" shows financial burden is a stronger deterrent than serious injury or death.
If google was serious about being spooky, instead of playing scary music and flicking lights, saying "Hey Google, let's get spooky!" would make your google home tell you all the things that google's algorithm has learned about you based on your data.
Humans have literally landed on the moon, yet we are still amazed when we see our breath in the winter.
No matter how many lasagna’s you stack on top of each other, ultimately it’s always just one lasagna.
Somewhere in China there's a warehouse filled with millions of fidget spinners and a company about to go bankrupt.
Props to the brain for waking us up if a dream gets too scary.
If your front door has a mail slot, you live in a mailbox
It's your parents' fault for raising you that way, it's your fault for staying that way.
Millions of innocent cats have been held up in the air because of Lion King
News websites have more pop ups and click bait than porn sites.
As a kid, we were told not to swallow gum because it takes 7 years to break down in a body. What should have been mentioned far more often is that unfavorable data on a credit report takes 7 years to remove, which is way more important and relevant.
"Let that sink in" is the most polite way to say "Give your dumb brain a minute to process this information". Let that sink in.