Airports should have small movie theaters for layovers. They would make a killing.
Whoever started the tradition of the groom not being allowed to be present while the bride shops for the wedding dress should be awarded a nobel peace prize.
Ironically, the internet was invented to save us time.
If your username is John68 I assume you're 49 years old, if it's John69 I assume you're 12 years old.
Twice a year, on daylight savings day, I am reminded that no matter what we believe, when we put our minds to it we can all come together to achieve some pointless s---.
If I were a ghost I'd barely haunt anyone. I'd spend my time in nature exploring jungles, caves, and oceans without the fear of dying.
"All-human staff" will eventually become a selling point for restaurants, like "free-range" or "fair trade".
You're supposed to become a pro after 10,000 hours but I'm 175,200 hours into life and still have no idea what I'm doing
Until about 120 years ago, the only humans who had ever traveled as fast I do on the highway every day were in the middle of falling to their deaths.
Regret is the wet sock you get from not picking up the bit of ice that fell on the kitchen floor 15 minutes ago
Every time I find a new favorite song and eagerly check out the artist/band for more, it turns out that's the one song that's different from the whole rest of their career
It's strange that water bottles have nutritional information when all the values are always 0, but alcohol which contains tons of calories and sugar, does not.
The Romans understood the concept of heat creating lift, yet never applied it to flight, and hot air balloons weren't invented until 1783. I wonder what seemingly obvious connections we're missing today that could change the world.
If a ghost can open cupboards and break things, why not just take a pencil, find paper, write exactly why it's unhappy, and tape the message on the fridge.
Every bullet ever fired since my birth has missed me by a certain number of inches. I wonder what the lowest number is.
I hate having to prove to a robot that I am not a robot.
Dreams are the ultimate "you had to be there" story.
If you threw one bird at the other bird really hard, you could kill two birds without the need for the stone at all, much more efficient.