In the 50s people were fantasizing about robots doing all of our work, now people are terrified of it.
Calmly walking up the stairs from my basement after I turn the lights out is how I prove to myself that I'm an adult.
The older I get, the more I want to get off work early and rush home as quickly as possibly to do absolutely nothing but be a part of my couch.
The cookie monster was the first person to teach me about addiction.
You must own a pair of pants before you can buy a pair of pants.
Whenever I see an inspiring story of someone who goes from 600 lbs to lean and fit, I mostly think "Ok, I guess I can get to 600lbs and still recover, so I'm ok for now".
Astrology makes everyone get to feel special while astronomy makes everyone get to feel insignificant
If having kids naturally was as hard as adopting, world population would plummet. If adopting was as easy as having kids naturally, the world would run out of orphans.
For a non-native speaker, making a pun demonstrates the highest understanding of language. As a native speaker, making a pun demonstrates the lowest understanding of comedy.
If you don't drink alcohol because you have recovered from alcoholism you're admired, but if you don't drink and never have, you're weird.
It makes me really mad when people don't use their blinker turning onto the road that I'm turning out of because I could've pulled out sooner, but when people do use their blinker I still wait until they start turning because I don't trust them.
I'm pretty sure 95% of Friends episodes could just be titled "The One With All the Misunderstanding."
I secretly race my wife every time we are both putting pillows into pillowcases.
In 500 years NASA could be a travel company
I slow down in school zones to avoid a monetary fine, not because I care for the safety of children
No matter how old I get, I always feel like everyone older than myself is a "real" adult and I'm just faking it somehow.
When I'm vacuuming and can't get something off the floor, I will run over it from forty different angles for three minutes rather than taking two seconds to bend over and pick it up.
I care more about being invited than i do about going to the actual event
When a real person coughs it's no big deal, but when a movie character coughs I'm 99% sure they're going to die.





