The sun goes dark on Monday, a 100+ mph wind storm blows in on Friday, and mass flooding overtakes us on Saturday....if this were a couple hundred years ago I'm pretty sure we'd all assume this is the apocalypse.
If I had the ability to close my ears like I can close my eyes, I would probably be less irritated all the time.
The true mark of adulthood is when your parents no longer schedule your Dr appointments so instead you just don't go and hope you don't die
Now that I'm older than 16, 16 seems entirely too young to handle the responsibilities of driving.
It's sad how the death of one earpiece of your headphones leaves the other to a life of neglect & uselessness for no fault of its own.
The mentality "it's only $5, why not buy it?" has probably cost me over $5000 dollars in my lifetime
I'm missing 90% of the internet because google thinks it knows what I want to see
15 years ago, the internet was an escape from the real world. Now, the real world is an escape from the internet.
I thought food fights would be a lot more common when I was a kid
They should make the following a law: Any ads or offers you get in the mail must tell you where they got your information from.
You are never caught up on laundry unless you do laundry naked.
I'm closer to being homeless than I am to being a millionaire
The first person to discover that a butterfly used to be a caterpillar must have looked very suspiciously at every animal they came across.
They should stop selling razors by gender and start selling them by which part of the body you are shaving. i.e. Groin razors, face razors, leg razors.
An airport is just about the only place where you can run sweatpants while drinking a beer at 6am and not be judged.
It's amazing that every pub and restaurant out there has at least one employee who can write beautifully on a blackboard.
The other day, someone said, "Newton's rolling over in his grave" in response to a basic physics mistake. But if Newton heard someone suggest his corpse could move without an external force acting upon it, he would roll over in his grave.
