Failure is spelling a word so badly that there are no spelling suggestions.
When you have wine and cheese you're drinking grapes and eating milk
Grass is weird. It's a living organism, & it's everywhere. There's so much of it, and it will probably never go extinct. It's so common that it's absence would actually be more noticeable than it's existence. Nobody ever thinks about it, but it gets even weirder if you think about it longer.
Rich people used to watch poor people fight in arenas, now poor people watch rich people fight in arenas
The news has done to our grandparents what they thought video games would do to us
At a nude beach, erectile dysfunction is a super power.
We discovered how to destroy the Earth before we discovered a way to leave it.You don’t appreciate the significance of a single piece of toilet paper until you’re down to the last one.
A person carrying a cup of fresh coffee in each hand is defenseless and quite dangerous simultaneously.
Humans will unthinkingly annihilate entire species but will move heaven and earth to save a singular cute animal.
Although he gets a lot of flak, Oscar the Grouch is arguably one of the most important characters of Sesame street- helping viewers understand that kindness is not guaranteed by everyone, and even unpleasant people deserve respect.
"Hope you're hungry" is fine to say to someone from the first world, but cruel to say to someone from the third worldToday, we think that blood smells like metal. Our ancient ancestors would have thought that metal smells like blood.
Someone knowing you exist is such intimate knowledge. There are billions of people that don't know you exist.
Cuttlefish can change color but can't see color. Maybe we physically change in a perceptible way based on our emotions but can't perceive it because we lack the senses to notice.
The better a dating app is, the faster you’re supposed to delete it
With a strong enough microscope, watching paint dry would actually be pretty interesting
Having your significant other as your homescreen is this generation's version of keeping a picture of them in your wallet
