Correct someone's grammar, and you're an asshole. Correct someone's math, and you're their hero.
Edit: Commas are permitted here as a stylistic choice--more accurately, because the first clause of each sentence is an implied dependent/subordinate clause ("[If you] [c]orrect someone's grammar..."), the commas are necessary since they precede independent clauses with which each is paired. A semicolon would have sufficed in place of the period, but also it works fine as-is.
Learning more advanced math in school basically unlocks more buttons of the calculator.
There is torture in knowing just enough that someone is wrong, but not knowing enough to tell them exactly how they're wrong
The price of gumballs from gumball machines has been remarkably stable in the face of inflation.
When cell phones were new, it was cool to have a fun or interesting ringtone. Today, if your phone isn’t permanently on silent mode you’re a scumbag
A celebrity is more likely to lick your elbow than you are yourself.
The Millennium Falcon's off center cockpit feels weird until you realize that's how you drive your car.
At one point there were some people pissed off because they were late to Titanic
At any given point, your future self is thinking about you.
If high school was a movie, high schoolers wouldn’t be allowed to watch it.
It is a popular belief that dying in your sleep is the most peaceful way to go. But for all we know, it could be the most frightning nightmare one can experience.
All homeless people are technically roommates.
We don't understand the power of our jaws until we try to break an m&ms with our fingers.
Hard shell tacos survive the factory, delivery trucks and the store but break as soon as you put something inside them
The day where the janitor in elementary school would go on the roof at recess and throw down all the lost balls and toys was probably the highlight of their professional year. In a job where they were normally ignored or treated with indifference, they'd briefly get to feel admired and appreciated.
If you're standing at sea level, most of the dead are buried above you.
The fact that so many people make so much effort on the internet to make other random people from around the world laugh/feel better is a great achievement of the human race.
