During a nuclear explosion, there is a certain distance of the radius where all the frozen supermarket pizzas are cooked to perfection.
Pavlov probably thought about feeding his dogs every time someone rang a bell.
If you die on your birthday in your 80s, that is an interesting coincidence. If it happens in your 30s, you were probably being an idiot.
It's risky to buy soda right after an earthquake
Bubblegum and birthday cake are flavors but bubblegum and birthday cake can be any flavor.
Farting is one of the few things everyone universally has in common, yet is one of the most universally embarrassing acts.
The movie "Home Alone" would have been so much different if the airport gate agent had done their job correctly.
Wifi is a tap, cellular data is a water bottle.
Luke and Leia weren't the least bit disturbed that they kissed after finding out they were siblings because farm boys and royalty are used to that sort of thing.
Soldiers today can get PTSD from just killing someone while looking through a scope. Imagine what soldiers of medieval times would’ve suffered.
A real James Bond would probably be very average-looking, in order to blend in better
The reason its hard to tell if someone is flirting with you is because you can't compare their behavior around you to their behavior when you are not there
Dying from just sitting and doing nothing is life’s way of saying “you’ve been kicked due to inactivity”
An interesting thing to think about is how long it would take anyone to notice if everyone in the world stopped hiccuping.
You don't realize how hard your legs swing when casually walking through your home until one of them collides with a cat who has perfectly positioned itself to be assaulted.
If a year had 364 days, birthdays would fall on the same day of the week. Imagine you having your birthday on a Monday for your whole life
Pugs are the Danny devito of dogs
The less clothes a population wears, the less sexualised they are. When people walk around in loincloths all day, no one gives a fuck about the naked body.
When a character gets killed off on a tv show, we're basically watching someone lose their job in a really brutal way.
Asking people who don't comment why they don't comment is kind of pointless.
