If you see a bald eagle at the zoo, you are seeing the symbol of freedom held in captivity
Sympathetic vomiting is probably a survival trait, in the event someone in the group ate something bad.
It’s funny how, as you progress through college, they require you to write longer and longer papers. Then you get to the professional world and no one will read an email that’s more than 5 sentences.
It's weird getting older and hearing about your peers' jobs and marriages. It's stranger still to hear when someone you knew, your age, has died.
Before, social media was about sharing your life and feelings with people you knew. Now it's just about hiding your feelings and faking a perfect life for people you don't know.
The first picture of blackhole is in reality 50 million years ago
In 100 years kids will learn about the first picture of a black hole, and compare it to their crystal clear pictures.
Coffee makes you hyper, but coffee shops are designed for people to chill, whereas alcohol is a depressant but bars and clubs are designed for people to be energetic.
Everyone talks about how traveling back in time and doing something small, like killing a butterfly, can drastically change the present, but no one talks about how doing something small today, like planting a tree, can drastically change the future.
The title of “oldest person alive” is a relatively permanent one. Once you earn it you get to keep it for the rest of your life.
People hate writing essays for school, yet will willingly write a 10 paragraph long essay with sources to win an argument online.
“Busy as a bee” is a metaphor for being unflaggingly industrious, but the job of every bee is literally to “Stop and smell the roses,” - a metaphor for taking a break from work.
The most terrifying thing that could happen to a fly is zooming through an audience attending a live performance of We will rock you
And people will think you’re an alien if you say “aw what a cute baby human”
If half the population died today, we'd still have more people on earth than in the 1970s
The most useful thing about cats is how well they validate your desire to lie around all day.
