0%, 99% and 100% are the most worrying numbers to see a progress bar pause a long time on.
Cocaine and Gillette razor blades cost too much to end up in some random kid's Halloween candy.
Bob's Burgers and King of the Hill are the only two shows where the father is the smarter parent.
You realize you're getting older when the main characters aren't your age anymore
It’s a real shame we say 1 million dollars instead of 1 megadollar
The difference between a good guy and a bad guy in movies is that a good guy can always reach an object when they're being pinned down.
Because the letter X is how we close apps or windows, it's likely that we see it 100-1000 times more often each day than people did 30+ years ago.
There must have been a brief window in human history where it was weirder to see a stranger in clothing than it was to see a stranger naked.
It's safer to fall from 10 miles high than from the 10th floor because on average, you'll live longer.
Beating a game without any achievements is harder than beating it with all achievements
The fact that Eric Foreman and the gang spent years smoking in the basement and Red never knew makes Red the real dumbass.
There is no worse feeling than spending money on disappointing food.
If magic exists and we scientifically studied it, it would stop being magic and become just another scientific discipline.
The auto stop function when you pull out your headphones on smartphones probably saved a lot people some embarrassment
The generation that says "don't believe anything you read on the internet" is the same generation that believes anything they hear on TV.
No matter how poor the people are in a sitcom, they always have a new outfit on in every episode.
Being known as a "good kid" growing up meant that you probably weren't very good at being a kid
In your lifetime you’ll get in and out of cars an even number of times unless you die in a car crash.
If you're sitting down and receive shocking news, you stand. If you're standing and receive shocking news, you sit.
The offline dinosaur game is actually the most downloaded game in the world.
Cars are the only thing keeping radio stations alive.
Since young children have a limited vocabulary, their dreams must feature adults saying childish sentences.
If there is a perfectly spherical ball, on a perfectly flat surface, the part of the ball touching the flat surface is infinitely small.
Star Wars is so immensely popular that the way a character fucking breathes is instantly recognizable.
