Google earth is one of the most incredible things ever created by man but is taken for granted as if it were nothing.
A person wearing a suit in a room of people in t-shirts is usually the most important person there, a person wearing a t-shirt in a room full of suits is more likely the most important person in the room
Male country singers talk about how good they are to women, while female country singers talk about how terrible the men are.
A gold fish's job is to introduce kids to dying
Building a house in a 1:1 scale with legos is propably more expensive than buliding a normal one.
If pigs could fly their wings would probably taste really good
If you go from high school to college to being a teacher you essentially have the same annual schedule your entire life.
Poorly written TV shows are actually more true to life than the well written ones. The characters and their motivations usually make no sense, the plot is convoluted and drags on, it's often pointless and meandering, and the ending usually sucks.
Ctrl + F, Ctrl + C, Ctrl + V, and Ctrl + Z have done more to improve humanity than most of us ever will.
If Bob Ross actually turned out to be a prolific serial killer, each painting would be a place where he disposed of a body.
Biscuits and gravy is just one form of flour and milk poured onto another form of flour and milk.
Humans are so dangerous it literally took nukes to get them to calm down once
True confidence is correcting the spelling mistake in your password without deleting the full thing and starting over.
The fact that Romeo and Juliet’s love is so idealised shows how few people have read the play.
Knowing how computer code works today is like being able to read in medieval times.
If you’re afraid to check your account balance... you probably need to check your account balance
True patience is a final boss sitting in a room for hundreds of hours waiting for the hero to finish every side quest.
A vampire walrus would look a lot like a regular walrus
It’s 2019 and we still can’t match the number of hotdogs in a pack to the number of buns in a pack.
