The answer to "what would Jesus do" this week would obviously be "celebrate Hanukkah".
Growing up is going from being excited for Ralphie getting his Red Ryder BB gun to seeing how happy and excited the father was the share something amazing with his son.
Mary & Joseph should have known all the inns would be full. It's their own fault for not planning ahead when travelling at Christmas time.
Even if you don't believe in Santa, odds are your gifts were made by tiny people in an unpaid, dangerous environment.
I've come to terms with the fact that it never "feels like Christmas" anymore because I'll never be as happy as I was when I was a child.
Santa is like the clown that does Jesus' birthday party every year.
I never questioned why Santa and my parents had the same wrapping paper.
I just got a book (made of tree) and put it in gift wrap (made of tree). Then I wrote a card in pencil (made of more trees) to put it in an envelope (another tree) and put it all under a TREE.
No matter how many kids are waiting to see Santa, you can't open up another line with a second Santa
Santa is a jerk for letting Rudolph be treated like crap until he became "useful."
Winter Is The Best Time To Nominate Your Friends For ALS Ice Bucket Challenge.
If children lose teeth on Christmas Eve, do Santa and the Tooth Fairy car pool?
When a woman dies without children, she's the last toy in a long line of human matryoshka dolls.
Without the nipple, breasts have no point.
Instead of saying grace or thanks, now people pause before meals to take a picture and post it on the internet
If you dial "Mom" on your phone's number pad, you press 666.
If you step on people's feet, they will open their mouth, just like trash bins.
I'd kill to see Muppet lord of the rings
Every chair is a time machine if you're patient enough
Fettuccine Alfredo is a more socially acceptable version of Mac & Cheese for adults to eat.
Our arms split off into five little arms.
bail money is actually ransom money when the cops kidnap you.
"I before E except after C" is disproved by science.
The Office's real tragedy is about Michael Scott being taken from being an incredibly successful salesman and forced into being management.
Commas are the stoners of grammar: they slow everything down and half the time they forget to show up at all.
If women can do everything men can, how come they've never successfully oppressed an entire gender?
I bet it's stressful to be a tow-truck driver because everyone you meet is having an awful day.
Essentially, the heart beats itself to death.
Technically, you can drive in the carpool lane while kidnapping someone.
My anti-depressants are proof that money can buy happiness.
The first women to have twins must have really freaked out.
What was Captain Hook's name before he lost his hand?
I hate it when I don't share chain emails and die the day after.
Of all the snacks that could be served on an airplane, they chose one that could literally kill a fair amount of people.
I wonder how Goofy feels about Mickey owning a pet dog