I do whatever I want as long as it's OK with my wife.
Monday the 13th sounds worse than Friday the 13th
The feeling I get when I go into a goodwill/thrift store and can afford anything is probably how Bill Gates feels wherever he shops.
I wonder if penguins taste more like poultry or more like fish.
Offering a police officer a bribe is like going "double or nothing" on whatever punishment you were already going to get.
Running for President is like having a Kickstarter where you give away cabinet positions and ambassadorships to the people that hit certain donor levels.
If you want the capability to ruin someone's life, find out the name of their first pet, the street they grew up on and who their third grade teacher was.
In the future we won't be able to rely on any pictures or videos as "proof" because we will be able to edit them so well.
Bee's are natures suicide bombers.
Every single book is just a remix of the dictionary
They should make a game show where overly drunk contestants compete against trained monkeys in simple tasks.
I wonder if people in China joke about digging a hole all the way to America.
Being healthy only means you are dying as slow as possible
spelling your kids name differently doesn't make you look creative. It just makes you look illiterate
I wonder how high up i have to be, to be able to complete a full bladder pee, before the first drop hits the ground.
There are potentially thousands of days in my life that I have forgotten completely and will never recall and I'm not completely sure I'm ok with that.
You know you've grown up when you side with Squidward over SpongeBob.
Taco Bell doesn't have a play place because it's hard to have fun when you might poop your pants
I wish we only spoke in vowels so I could finally have a full conversation with my dentist.
I wonder if police get annoyed at how slow everyone drives when they are around
Between pens and lighters, Bic is making a fortune off of people losing their products.
I bet the first mohawk was created by a guy trying to even out his sideburns.