"Trigger" is a trigger word for me, because as soon as I hear it I completely abandon the possibility of any future interaction with whoever said it
As a parent, hearing a loud thud followed by crying is scary. A loud thud followed by silence is terrifying.
Christmas music is pretty much the same 10 songs sung differently by thousands of other people
I bet plumbers started calling today Black Friday before retailers.
Shopping Black Friday at Walmart is America's Running of the Bulls.
You know you're an adult when you finally understand why it would be so exciting to win a brand new bedroom set on Price is Right.
Putting something in a unique place where I won't lose it is the most common way I lose things
At 36 years old, I am older then Al Bundy was at the start of Married with Children. When watching the show as a kid, I always thought he was an old loser. I fear what that means I am.
Every time you have McDonald's as a kid, it's a victory. Every time you have McDonald's as an adult, it's a defeat.
Instead of looking for someone with an attractive smile, look for someone with an attractive phone browsing face. That's the most face that you will see them make in the long run
My Mom used to yell at me for playing video games. Now, due to candy crush, words with friends, and other similar apps she plays more video games than I do.
Rocks are just frozen lava.
Auctioneers are proof white people can rap if they try hard enough.
Household plug sockets should be waist high. I have never wanted something, other than a vacuum cleaner, plugged in at ground level.
I guess if I had to eat a person I would want them to be a vegetarian. I like irony and prefer grass fed beef.
Leonardo da Vinci's Vitruvian Man could be perceived as instructions on how to make a snow angel.
Squirrels are just rats with good PR.
I just realized that 'beware' is a really stupid shortening of 'be aware'
Starting a family is like starting a really big group project.
Sleeping bags are like human sized socks for us to fit into