At some point in history, two inventive parents looked down at their new born son and decided to give him a new name that no one had ever heard before: and they named him Kevin
If bud light was part of the box tops program, my kid's school would have a planetarium and a hockey team.
The only thing keeping radio alive is automobiles.
Ten seconds of drug commercials are spent telling you what the drug is for and the rest is spent basically daring you to take it.
microwaves should have a “dont make a beep sound my wife is gonna be really mad if she finds out I’m making pizza rolls at 4 am again" option
If a 99 pound person ate 1 pound of nachos, they'd be 1% nachos.
Whoever discovered honey was either really brave or really stupid
"Jesus loves you" is not something you want to hear in a Spanish prison
As You Get Older You Seem More Credible, Until The Point You're Considered Bat-S--- Crazy
Who ever thought white underwear was a good idea?
I hope that when Donald Trump dies he gets cremated and the guy working the oven says "You're fired" and laughs.
When you first start dating someone, you are entering an unspoken contest to see who can hold their farts in the longest.
Adam and Eve got an apple and regretted its terms and conditions.
If you eat a lot of fast food, you become really slow.
If Pinocchio was a gangster rapper, we would be able to see just how "real" he was.
Put a percentage sign by your age and you roughly have how dead you are.
New Zealand. Surely it's about time we can just call it Zealand
Police officers should wear red and blue light up shoes when they chase someone on foot
Smoke detectors should have an "I'm just cooking button" which deactivates it for 20 minutes or so.
Pringles should have a twister at the bottom like deodorant to bring the chips closer to their destination.
There should be a gym called Jehovah's Fitness.
A good name for a girl who works the grill at a Macdonald's would be Patty Turner.
It's more socially acceptable to be a man who loves another man than a man who loves Nickleback.
Every winter, pitchers from Major League Baseball should get together and have a snowball fight.
If my arm ever gets amputated, spooning with my girlfriend will be so much easier.
