The ice cream truck is a true test of how fast you can get out of your home in an emergency.
Together the Kardashians represent all 7 Deadly Sins: Greed, Sloth, Gluttony, Pride, Envy, Wrath and Lust
It was the Middle Ages. There's no way Rapunzel didn't have lice.
A hot dog is an American taco.
For every reaction there is an equal and opposite social media overreaction.
My 1.5 year-old has no idea that his mother or I sleep.
A fine is a tax for doing bad. A tax is a fine for doing well.
Miley Cyrus is like a pervert's wish gone too far.
As a very slim, small person, I like to think people believe they hit the jackpot when I choose to sit next to them on a plane.
Now that finding food is no longer an issue (for most people`), humans spend their whole lives doing things to not be bored.
The most durable item I've ever purchased from IKEA is that big blue bag.
If you do stuff with your parents you are basically the third wheel on a date
Alcohol is the ketchup that covers the nasty taste life sometimes has.
Growing up, I used to look forward to a 3 month break. As an adult, I get a 4 day weekend and it's the highlight of my year.
The perfect french fry is a potato chip on the outside and mashed potatoes on the inside.
Everyone is excited about McDonalds serving breakfast 24/7, while I'm sitting here waiting until the day I can order french fries at 8 o'clock in the morning
It's easy to think my generation is special because we've seen so many huge changes, like the internet, cellphones, 9/11, etc., but just two generations ago saw WWII / the atomic bomb, and two generations before that saw the birth of the automobile. So every generation probably feels this way.
I'm alone 99% of the time. If I ever get charged with murder and have to give an alibi... I'm screwed.
Newton/Leibniz discovered calculus on their own yet I can't understand it even with all the information supplied to me.
You never hear about anyone finding scientology in prison
Pro wrestling is just a soap opera for men
The first time I used a urinal with flip flops on made me realize how much pee must have soaked into the tops of my shoes over the years.
Confidence isn't "I know she likes me", confidence is "I'll be okay whether she likes me or not."
Every time you've rushed to try and to catch a flight, there's been two strangers sitting in your row hoping you don't make it.
Being labeled a nudist and being labeled a streaker is only separated by speed.
My parents still haven't apologized for making me ugly.
Wearing sweatpants in public is probably the most comfortable way to let the world know you're fine being single.