My goal was to lose 10 pounds this year... 20 pounds to go!
Parenting a toddler is like being on suicide watch 12 hours a day. If you take your eyes off them for more than a few seconds, they'll find a way to kill themselves.
I bet ventriloquists can respond perfectly when the dentist ask them questions while cleaning their teeth
Why is it people often ask, "where will I go when I die," but rarely ask, "where was I before I was born"?
When I die, I want my remains scattered over Disneyland. Also, I don't want to be cremated...
I'm so old, my handheld games were filled with water :-/
Elon Musk wants to send one million people to Mars for $500,000 each. I LOVE this guy: he created a master plan to get rid of the 1% AND the morons who didn't think to let someone else try it first. All in one sweeping motion.
The US can't convert to the Metric System because it would mess up football
Public school is doing a great job of preparing kids for real life by showing them what it's like to work for a poorly managed company.
Security cameras are a scarecrow for humans
As a white male, the term "diversity" doesn't include me.
Forget a dislike button, Facebook needs a "this article/picture is fake" button.
Tell a girl you love her on the first date and it's super creepy. Tell your wife that you loved her on the first date and it's super romantic.
While asleep, our brains are capable of assembling complex narratives set in fantastical worlds; populating them with beings and structures, all perfectly animated and rendered... While awake, we're lucky if we can draw a decent stick figure.
What happened to "If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all." And why does it not apply to the internet.
Men have sex with who they can and woman with who they want, but men marry who they want and woman marry who they can.
The only thing better than going to sleep is going back to sleep
TED Talks are like church services for people who believe in science.
The internet has too many people trying to teach and not enough people trying to learn.
Most people can eat the same breakfast, weeks in a row without a complaint. But the same dinner 2 days in a row? That's not allowed.
According to the mac & cheese box, I am a family of 4
Every adult is just winging it.
I think we can all agree that Neil Armstrong, the first person to walk on the Moon, was not a werewolf.
