I feel like an archaeologist when I clean my minivan. Dirt is removed, ancient artifacts are found, and I can accurately determine the diet of those that lived there.
Our parents taught us to never get into car with strangers. Now, there's an app for that in Uber
The horse that was led to water but would not drink probably ended up being the same horse was that was beaten after it died.
The only difference between intuition and paranoia is whether you're right or wrong
If there are 1 billion people better than you at something, you're still in the top 15% for that thing.
Having a full-time job can also mean having a part-time life.
High school is like a free trial on education and then once you've graduated they say, "Now if you wanna continue, pay $50,000."
Sharpening pencils was the equivalent to a smoke break for children.
April Fools Day is probably the best time to tell a kid they're adopted. If they take it well it's a success, if they take it particularly badly or can't cope with it then you can disguise it as a joke. Perfect way to test the water.
Books are just step-by-step instructions for your imagination.
Alien abductions, if they exist, might just make terrific reality TV on other planets.
Life is like coming in to a movie in the middle, having someone explain what happened before you came in, trying to figure out what's going to happen next, but getting kicked out before the movie ends.
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell tells you a lot about the anticipated traffic
Men + Frustration = Menstruation
Many people are excited about the possibilities of more free time in their lives with self-driving cars. However, in the future, companies will abuse this by asking "Why weren't you working in your car?"
I wonder how long it'll be before the self-driving car bomb becomes a thing?
Being an adult is realizing that $5,000 is a lot of money to owe and very little money to own.
Must be hard for American Muslims born on September 11th to celebrate their birthdays..
At least now One Direction don't need to order two taxis.
How do Amish girls know if it's a romantic candlelit dinner or just a regular dinner?
We eat candy that tastes like fruit instead of just eating fruit.
"Taking candy from a baby" would actually be a responsible thing to do.
The Internet is the most successful Sun-Cancer Prevention Scheme of all time.
Being super attractive allows you to have almost the exact same abilities as Jedi mind tricks do