Bruce Jenner never got into bad car accidents before he turned into a woman driver.
Bruce Jenner coming out as a woman is the epitome of "if you can't beat 'em, join 'em"
With all the Asian airline crashes lately, I'm beginning to think Pearl Harbor was an accident.
Girl Scouts are the ONLY door to door salesmen that make me want to say "Where the hell have you been?!" when they show up
Being nice is so difficult when everyone is so stupid
Gambling addict hotlines would get more calls if they made every 5th caller a winner.
There's probably a decent number of Go Pros that have recorded a death
I wonder if my house smells as weird as everyone else's seems to.
Obese people are bodybuilders, they just use substandard building materials.
Raising a child is a lot like taking care of a tiny drunk who gradually sobers up over the course of 20 years
364 days a year, Americans hate commercials [people watch commercials during the superbowl]
Kanye West is performing a new song at the Grammy's on Sunday. Taylor Swift should interrupt it.
The trees cut down to make Jenga blocks are repeatedly forced to relive their own death.
People used to keep diaries, and get mad when anyone read them. Now we post stuff online, and get mad when people DON'T read it.
If you make something easier for yourself they call you lazy. If you make something easier for everyone else they call you a genius.
If nothing can ever be created or destroyed you are actually as old as the entire universe.
If you lived each day like it was your last, you'd be dead.
Math majors should get radians, not degrees
Could I avoid parking fines if I removed my windscreen wipers?
America revolted when their government was greedy and the people felt under represented. 240 years later, the government is greedy and the people feel under represented.
Sucking on hard candy is like drinking Kool-Aid you made with your own spit.
Those who oppose vaccinations because of autism would rather have a dead child than a mentally handicapped one.
If Japan had won WWII, we'd be learning in school about the Japanese freeing people from the concentration camps in America.
If every U.S. sports team converted to metric, Americans would understand the metric system by the next game.
How do you arrest someone with one arm? It's like, here's an uncomfortable bracelet.