There is no sleep as comfortable as the sleep you shouldn't be sleeping.
If atheism were a religion then its leader would be called The Nope.
Hula Hooping is the opposite of pole dancing
I'm really good at solving Rubik's cubes in reverse.
There is a regular sized skeleton inside of every fat person.
The phrase "I love you more than life itself" doesn't mean as much coming from someone with depression.
The US can't have the military act as police, so they're having the police outfitted like the military instead.
In the event of a world apocalypse, and cannibalism became a necessary evil, I’d eat vegetarians, because they’re the human version of grass fed steak.
Only White people want to go back in time...
'Hotness' is the speed limit of soup-eating
Diarrhea brings out the worst in me.
My problem with Thousand Island dressing is that at least 800 of those islands are mayonnaise.
You're no longer a child when you say "S---" when it snows
The erosion of privacy will be one of the greatest failures of the 21st Century.
If your IQ is low, people will look down on you. If your IQ is REALLY low, you get special treatment and people go out of their way to do nice things for you
Children wake up early because they still get excited about life
When we're kids (teens), we worry about getting caught having sex by our parents. As parents, we worry about getting caught by our kids.
"Clearly" is the adult version of "duh".
"42" would be the best answer ever on Jeopardy. (see Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy)
James Bond is actually a horrible spy for telling his name to literally everyone.
There are kids in school who have never known what it's like to live under a white President.
I wonder if we'll ever reach a point in humanity where our medicine is so good, killing your friends is considered a prank.
If I could change a single thing about physics, I would have microwaves make things crispy.
February 2015 has exactly four perfect, full weeks.
Gas is under $2 and Suge Knight just killed a guy...The 90s are back!
A subplot of many 90s films was the "business dad" who wouldn't get off the phone, resulting in a disappointed kid. Nowadays, these roles have reversed.
It is entirely possible that you've already had the best day of your life.
I imagine people in North Korea have an amazing view of the night sky.
Pooping your pants is actually a good rape repellent.