Every restaurant has a drive through if you try hard enough.
Hot tubs and baths are similar, but drinking beer in one makes you look like a partier and in another a depressed alcoholic.
Soy milk is regular milk introducing itself in Spanish.
If you eat an entire cake without cutting it you technically only had one piece.
Technically... we can all stop a Speeding Bullet.... Once...
I wonder if Chinese people get as excited using a fork as I do using chopsticks
General Tsao is the Chinese Colonel Sanders
A group of gay people should be called "a pride".
My life must be pretty bad if I'm looking forward to the parts where I'm unconscious.
Lasagna is just spaghetti flavored cake.
People in sleeping bags are like the soft tacos of the bear world.
slugs are just hobo snails
Technically cannibals are really at the top of the food chain.
Frozen is the first film I've seen where the " act of true love" isn't the romance between a man and woman
The person who invented monopoly must have really hated all their friends and family.
There should be a NSFS (Not Safe For Sleep) tag on some posts.
Aren't places like Chuck E Cheese just casinos for children? Feeding a token-centered gambling addiction?
This is only after a break up that you realize that 95% of songs lyrics talk about love and break up.
You know you're an adult when you put on another sweater instead of turning up the thermostat.
I'm calling BS. I've slept for way more than 10 000 hours and I'm not even close to mastering it.
I wonder if Alex Trebek's tombstone will say 'Who was the host of Jeopardy?'
The pen is mightier than the sword but only if you are smart. If you are not smart the sword is better.
Home Depot should have a "trying to get back my security deposit" section.
A lot of future movies will be set in the 90s to avoid the plot complications that cell phones and the internet cause.
The only reason why Kanye likes Kim's butt oiled up is because he can see his reflection
People think I'm way more interesting than I am simply because of the things I read on reddit.
Cheerleading is just ROTC for strippers.
Speaking to my toddler is like Han Solo speaking to Chewbacca. Bystanders understand me but have no clue what the other person is saying.
Mexico should have their own version of Where's Waldo? Called Juan in a Million.
Newspapers have had "tl;dr" for years. They just call them "headlines".
Why is it called common sense if so few people have it?
I wonder how my friend with 'obsessive-compulsive disorder' would feel if I started calling it 'compulsive-obsessive disorder'...
We need a toilet that isn't in a shape that amplifies every bodily function we do.
Bacon is the chef world's duct tape.
Liam Neeson should just stop answering his phone
White people could refer to each other as nillas.
Bill Gates has the money to be Batman.
If you can't tell the difference between a digiorno pizza and a delivery pizza, then you're an idiot.