The words "I heard you like toys and playing dress up" can mean two completely different things depending on your age.
The first black president should have been a woman so we can have our "first black president" "first female president" and "first black female president" all at once to get all that bs out of the way.
Balloons are weird. "Happy birthday, here's a rubber sack of my breath."
The amount of public bathroom stall graffiti has drastically declined since the widespread use of smartphones.
CPR is the human equivalent of punching/slamming/hitting a machine until it starts working again
Maybelline should sponser Caitlyn Jenner. It would add a whole new dimension to "Maybe she's born with it, maybe it's Maybelline."
If the tickle-monster was actually real it would be absolutely terrifying.
Eventually someone will die in a self-driving car and it will keep going to its destination
FIFA should've just called the bribes lobbying.
If someone handed me a back scratcher, regardless of whether back itches or not, I will scratch my back with it.
Kanye West is the person on earth with a personality and lifestyle most similar to Derrick Zoolander
My newborn is a travel-sized human, but it is wildly inconvenient to travel with him.
As an adult, I'm not eating nearly as much ice cream as 10 year old me thought I would.
we live in a world where an act of kindness to a stranger is considered weird.
You can ask your brain to give itself a name. After a short conversation, mine chose Stanley.
You never really appreciate an unblocked nose until you have a blocked nose.
Kidney Stones are the pearls of humans
When King Arthur pulled excalibur from its rock I'm sure the guy who tried before him told everyone he loosened it up for him
Somewhere in the world, there is the world's worst doctor, and someone has an appointment with them tomorrow.
Coconuts are just hard-core water balloons.
If the friend zone was a number it would be 96.
If we were eaten by another dominant species, some of their restaurants would have a cute smiling human in their logo
Knowing how to change a tire and jumpstart a dead battery should be part of the test for a drivers license.
Walking is just standing on one leg at a time.