Every zoo is a petting zoo if you try hard enough.
Shouldn't boat engines be rated in sea horse power?
If aliens are observing us like a zoologist does animals on our planet, they can report that we "weigh up to 1,345 pounds (610 kg) and are up to 8'3" (2.51 m) tall".
The loudest possible way to open a bag of chips is to try and do so quietly.
'Pedometer' is one of those words that make you realize how important pronunciation is.
There was a time when murder was news, but now it's news that there hasn't been a murder.
12 days without murder in New York could just mean 12 days without any bodies found.
Every time you agree to date someone, statistically they then become the person most likely to kill you.
There should be a horror movie where everyone makes rational decisions to show people how boring that would be
Need a date? Stand outside any theater showing 50 Shades of Grey tomorrow and wait for the ladies to pour out.
I want to date someone smart, but dumb enough to date me.
I should go see Fifty Shades of Grey dressed up as Pee Wee Herman in a trench coat.
I just turned 20, I have officially survived teen pregnancy
A group of teenager girls should be called a giggle.
Before McDonald's, "Don't buy cheeseburgers from a clown" was probably a pretty hard and fast rule.
Your brain is just a 10 lb person driving around a slab of meat
I've lived in Texas for 3 years an everything I've learned about the culture I learned from King of the Hill.
No one ever mentions Harry, Ron, or Hermione when they talk about successful dropouts.
I've never seen an 80 year old obese person
I wish there were always an option to switch to 'Weird Al's version' when listening to the radio
The center of a donut is 100% fat free
When you get to a certain age you're sneaking a glance at her ring finger, not her chest.
I understand how batteries feel, because I'm never included in anything either.
The boy scouts should sell jerky door to door. I would get excited about that.
"Anti-vaxxer" is too kind a label. They should be called "Pro-plaguers"
It must suck to drive on the highway as a police officer, since everyone around you starts slowing down.
Babies cry all the time because the worst thing that's ever happened to them, happens on a regular basis.