20151206
If every person on Earth was in a single-elimination coin flipping tournament, it would only take 33 rounds to crown a champion.
5/6 people enjoy russian roulette
Daylight Savings time should begin at 4 p.m. instead of 2 a.m.. This way, instead of losing an hour of sleep, we get to leave early from work.
The best time to burn down your workplace is right after someone else gets fired.

20151129
"Trigger" is a trigger word for me, because as soon as I hear it I completely abandon the possibility of any future interaction with whoever said it
Shopping Black Friday at Walmart is America's Running of the Bulls.
Instead of looking for someone with an attractive smile, look for someone with an attractive phone browsing face. That's the most face that you will see them make in the long run
Auctioneers are proof white people can rap if they try hard enough.
Squirrels are just rats with good PR.


20151122
submitted, but none read on air

20151115
It's cool for my wife to buy me power tools for my birthday, but if I was to bring her a vacuum cleaner (or pans in Jack's case)...
Music was so much better when ugly people made it.
I used to get disappointed when my parents said no to getting fast food, now I'm just disappointed with myself when I find myself eating there
Telling someone they were in a "safe space" used to mean they could speak freely
We'll never have to iron again if everyone agrees that wrinkled clothes are in style.
Society has successfully taught me that paying 6 dollars per day for cigarettes is too much while paying for 4 dollar coffees multiple times per day is reasonable
Am I really just eating my lipstick as it disappears throughout the day? How many tubes of lipstick have I eaten over the years?


20151108
Jaywalking is a misdemeanor occasionally punishable by death.
Paying by check has become the new version of paying with a bag of change.
People who actually have Celiac disease must be grateful for all the fakers... they now have 10x more products to choose from
Hangman is a pretty dark children's game.
Amazon is the real equivalent of the ACME corporation from the road runner cartoons
Batman is a 1 percenter beating up the mentally ill.
Facebook's list of "suggested friends" is quite literally a list of people I've been avoiding my entire life.


20151031
Buy 1 pizza and feed yourself for a day, but buy two pizzas and feed yourself for a day.
The KKK ruined being a ghost for Halloween.
When people dress up as skeletons for Halloween, they're going as themselves from the future.
Cannibals should rebrand to humanitarians.
Croutons are the Lucky Charms marshmallows of salad
If I was a woman, I'd be a seasonal stripper named Pumpkin Spice just to get money for Christmas Shopping.
Why doesn't anyone ever come back from a near death experience claiming Hell is for real?


20151026
A relationship is like a house, if a lightbulb goes out, you don't buy a new house, you change the lightbulb, unless that house is a lieing, cheating, whore.
They should rename box wine as "Cardboardeaux"
Wake up times as an adult are like bed times as a child.
I'm going to have to create a spinoff show called "Dr. Whom". He would just travel through time and correct people's grammatical errors.
If Marty McFly showed up today, he wouldn't need to change clothes. We would just think he was a hipster.
In twenty years manbuns will be in the same category of societal shame as mullets.
Spinning in circles to get dizzy as a child was my first attempt at getting high.
All fish tanks are basically soups if you apply heat
Rednecks are just forest gangsters
A saddle is really just a human to horse adapter.
I swallow my own saliva hundreds of times a day, but the idea of spitting into a cup and drinking it makes me gag.
It would be amazingly terrifying if animals waged war against each other like humans do. You'd wake up, get a cup of coffee and look out your window and say things like "Oh no! looks like the bears and eagles are fightin' again."
It's funny how some biblical names caught on and not others. Plenty of Daniels, Davids, and Johns, but not so many Jehoshaphats, Zerubbabels, and Zadoks.
I (almost) want to get rid of oil as fuel more because of Saudi-Arabia than to save the planet.


20151019
Everyone thinks I'm a slob by having garbage in my car but really it shows I don't litter
Don't use the bathroom in your dream. It's a setup.
After this week, Back to the Future will take place entirely in the past
If I manufactured church wafers I'd call them Jeez-Its
When girls are shaving their legs in the shower what they're really doing is practicing yoga with a razor blade on a slip-n-slide
They should put confetti in air bags to make car accidents more fun.
We're all addicted to serotonin, endorphins, anandamide, dopamine etc and absolutely every action we take is to try and get more of them.


20151012
When people stop laughing at you falling, but instead are concerned about your well-being, you have become old
I have never tasted a Pumpkin Spiced Latte, but I still hate it.
Music is what math sounds like
A 6/10 sounds like a bad movie, but a 7/10 sounds pretty good.
When poison expires, does it become more or less poisonous?
There are two kinds of jobs. Jobs where you shower before and jobs where you shower after.
"Toxins" are just the modern day equivalent to evil spirits; mysterious entities in your body which require esoteric substances and rituals to expel.


20151005
It's a good thing my heart isn't as lazy as the rest of me.
I don't think there's a person alive who wouldn't ride an ostrich if the opportunity arose.
When information was difficult to obtain, college was cheap. Now that information is easy to access, college tuition has skyrocketed.
They should make pumpkin spice cologne for men
Star Wars is basically a saga about a deadbeat dad who kills his boss.
There should be a show called 'It's Probably Fine' debunking scaremongering.


20150928
My goal was to lose 10 pounds this year... 20 pounds to go!
When I die, I want my remains scattered over Disneyland. Also, I don't want to be cremated...
The US can't convert to the Metric System because it would mess up football
Public school is doing a great job of preparing kids for real life by showing them what it's like to work for a poorly managed company.
Forget a dislike button, Facebook needs a "this article/picture is fake" button.
While asleep, our brains are capable of assembling complex narratives set in fantastical worlds; populating them with beings and structures, all perfectly animated and rendered... While awake, we're lucky if we can draw a decent stick figure.
The only thing better than going to sleep is going back to sleep
Most people can eat the same breakfast, weeks in a row without a complaint. But the same dinner 2 days in a row? That's not allowed.
According to the mac & cheese box, I am a family of 4


20150921
The speed in which a woman says "Nothing", when asked "What's Wrong?", is inversely proportionate to the severity of the s--- storm coming.
Being single and on the "Market", I am finding out that the market is flooded with defectives, recalls and safety concerns.
The hardest one-syllable word to say out loud is "sixths"
Did paper planes exist before real ones? What were they called?
I wish I could see a woman that I know is equally as attractive as I am so I know how attractive I am to the opposite sex


20150914
I wonder who had to be thrown under a bus for that to become an idiom.
The War of 1812 should be renamed, "The Empire Strikes Back."
If you don't think that at a past point in your life you were a massive idiot, then you're probably still a massive idiot.
If a black guy has an unnecessarily large truck, which stereotype do I believe?
All future people's bodies exist right now, they are just not assembled.


20150907
It was the Middle Ages. There's no way Rapunzel didn't have lice.
Together the Kardashians represent all 7 Deadly Sins: Greed, Sloth, Gluttony, Pride, Envy, Wrath and Lust
A hot dog is an American taco.
Miley Cyrus is like a pervert's wish gone too far.
Now that finding food is no longer an issue (for most people`), humans spend their whole lives doing things to not be bored.


20150831
Of all the bodily functions that could be contagious, thank god it's the yawn.
Oompa Loompas were basically singing slave songs.
Bruce Wayne's parents being murdered is the best thing that ever happened to Gotham.
The smell inside Staples smells like the end of summer.
If nuclear weapons didn't exist, we'd probably still have one devastating war every generation.


20150824
Have the TV news programs been using clickbait titles for decades? Find out tonight at 11.
I feel like Frodo would have some serious PTSD picking out an engagement ring.
Last night my friend asked to use a USB port to charge his cigarette, but I was using it to charge my book. The future is stupid.
Subway employees must hear "Ummm..." a thousand times each shift.
It's impossible to say "quinoa" without sounding like a pretentious a--hole.
Just by changing the shape of my mouth, I can use my breath to either cool something off, or warm something up.


20150817
With Sesame Street moving to HBO, I wonder which character will be killed off first?
Michael Jackson simultaneously blurred the line between black and white, man and woman, and grown-up and child.
You can ask a tall person for help reaching something on a tall shelf but you can't ask a short person for help grabbing something that is near the ground.
When aliens really attack Earth, my first thought is probably going to be "Which movie came the closest?"
During a zombie apocalypse there would be a group of "zombie rights activists " who would protest the killing of zombies because they used to be people.
In weddings the wife throw her bouquet to see who's the next getting married....It would be fun if we throw the wreath at funerals to see who's the next to die...


20150810
I'd've been a damn good Boy Scout if I could tie knots as well as my headphones can.
I guess in the middle ages being a victim of hacking was a lot more serious.
I find it statistically unlikely that every company I call is experiencing higher than normal call volume.
Becoming an adult feels like slowly being put into a managerial position you didn't really want
They might as well just add "and blood" to the flavor of every pack of dental floss.
How many boxes of thin mints do I have to eat before I start to see results?
Water polo should be played on dolphins.


20150803
Two weeks from now no one will give a s--- about Cecil, and we'll be riding the next big wave of internet activism.
This whole Cecil the Lion fiasco just goes to show that everyone on the internet really really loves cats.
A dentist killing a lion is headline news, but drones killing children in Pakistan is a footnote.
The most American thing I can think of would be a drive-thru Wal Mart.
As a college senior, I can't wait until my net worth is finally $0
You don't need a parachute to skydive. You just need a parachute to skydive twice.
Judging by the state of public restrooms, potty training is a giant failure.
You never really appreciate "Scooby-Doo" until you're sorting out your life after Graduation, and you realize how awesome it would be to just take off in a van with your three best friends and spend the rest of your life exploring haunted amusement parks.
To break up with someone, you could say: 'It's time to take the relationship to the previous level.'
Majority of people test new flashlights by seeing how badly it will blind them.


20150727
According to the "Third time's a charm" rule, Germany will somehow win the next world war.
I wish my feet were detachable, merely so I could cut my toenails less awkwardly.
What does the highest setting on your toaster even do? Incinerate it? Who even uses that setting
Everything is a boomerang if you throw it straight up.
How are business shorts not a thing for men yet?
Why do women's razor ads always show someone shaving their already perfectly hairless leg? Like, show me your razor shaving a man's leg, or a gorilla, and I'd be a lot more likely to buy it.


20150720
My biggest fear isn't death. My biggest fear is hallucinating at work and thinking I'm at the urinal when I'm actually in a team meeting.
If a rain dance brings water will a tap dance bring beer?
"Pretending to give a s---" should be a well-regarded skill on a resume.
2,000 years ago seems oddly close when you think of 2,000 years as a string of about 25 people living one after the other.
A Nazi salute beats a Black Power salute in a game of rock, paper scissors.
I've never seen an overweight/obese person in a fast food commercial
The guy who discovered coffee is kinda responsible for every other discovery too.
Used to be guys covered in tattoos and piercings would make me nervous, now they just make me coffee.
Imagine how badass the first human ever to ride a horse must have looked, riding back to his cave like "I just tamed this wild animal and now I'm straddling its back".
People with neck-up photos on Tinder are Schrödinger's Fat


20150712
If people could hear my thoughts in public places, I'd get beaten up. A lot.
I've woken up over 8.000 times in my life and I still suck at it
If I went back in time, I could "invent" many things, but have absolutely no idea how to make them.
This is probably the first time in history where men are wanting to see a movie about a teddy bear, and women want to see a movie about strippers.
If I didn't have TV or internet, I would think the world isn't such a bad place.
As a girl, having girlfriends makes you sound sociable. As a male, having boyfriends makes you gay.


20150705
If colleges really want to prepare high school students for today's job market then they should only accept students who have "at least 2-3 years college experience".
When I use the self-checkout lane, I'm basically volunteering at the store
Trying to lose a game of rock-paper-scissors is just as hard as trying to win.
Adulthood is 50% "I'm too young for this to be happening" and 50% "I'm too old for this s---".


20150628
"Dry runs" sounds like a horrifying medical condition
There should be an observation deck at Wal-Mart.
Olympic events should have some regular people competing so we can appreciate how amazing the athletes actually are
I think US government officials should pledge allegiance to the people of the United States each morning.
If you are rich enough, every restaurant is all-you-can-eat-buffet
You have a veiny tentacle in your mouth right now called a tongue. Just wiggle it, It's so strange.
In the future, there will likely be a dark and gritty reboot of the Harry Potter franchise.


20150621
They can't make movies like Stand By Me, The Sandlot, or Goonies anymore because the parents would all go to jail for child neglect.
You have to understand the difference between someone who speaks to you on their free time and someone who frees their time to speak to you.
I read recipes the same way I read science fiction. I get to the end and I think, "Well, that's not going to happen."
My dog barking is exactly like click bait: When I get up to see what the big deal is, it usually turns out to be a waste of my time.
There was probably a point in history when salt was someone's "secret ingredient".


20150607
The words "I heard you like toys and playing dress up" can mean two completely different things depending on your age.
The first black president should have been a woman so we can have our "first black president" "first female president" and "first black female president" all at once to get all that bs out of the way.
Balloons are weird. "Happy birthday, here's a rubber sack of my breath."
FIFA should've just called the bribes lobbying.
If someone handed me a back scratcher, regardless of whether back itches or not, I will scratch my back with it.
My newborn is a travel-sized human, but it is wildly inconvenient to travel with him.
As an adult, I'm not eating nearly as much ice cream as 10 year old me thought I would.
Kidney Stones are the pearls of humans
When King Arthur pulled excalibur from its rock I'm sure the guy who tried before him told everyone he loosened it up for him
If we were eaten by another dominant species, some of their restaurants would have a cute smiling human in their logo


20150531
Humans are elaborate 3D printing machines. My wife can print a baby, but I can only print simple brown logs.
It would be cool to have a sign on your door that says, "No solicitors, except Girl Scouts." But, that would be kind of creepy.
If I were in last place for diving in the Olympics, I'd perform a cannonball. I may not win, but I'd be the most notorious diver in Olympic history.
When it is illegal to report your country doing something illegal, you are being governed by criminals.
20 years from now you will look back on your life and think that the person you currently are was a "phase"
Boots are one of the few pieces of women's clothing where the more skin they cover, the sexier they are.
Animal lovers become vets, only to have all animals hate them


20150524
Saying an ethnic group name followed by an inanimate object makes that phrase sound like a sex act. Ex: Hungarian seat cushion, German fire hydrant.
I have always been told to appreciate our soldiers who protect our rights, and freedoms. Although the older I get it appears the only people who is infringing on my rights, and freedoms are the ones in office who control the soldiers.
I am more scarred of my own government negatively affecting my life then any terrorist organisation or foreign power
Leonardo Da Vinci would s--- his pants if he saw a printer replicate his masterpiece the Mona Lisa in 1 minute.
If your neighbor has wind chimes, you have wind chimes.
The saying 'Money can't buy you happiness' should be changed to 'Money can't prevent sadness'
Subdivisions are often named after the natural feature they ruined by being there.
No internet is less stressful as compared to slow internet.


20150517
Do you think the homeless community is clever enough to refer to their brethren as "hobros"?
It's hard to win an argument with a smart person, but it's damn near impossible to win an argument with a stupid person.
Muffins are just another way to justify eating cake for breakfast.
A cactus is really just an aggressive cucumber.
Would "selfies" be less popular if they were called "lonelies"?
The US is currently fighting a war against inanimate objects (drugs) and a set of ideas (terrorism). Neither are capable of signing peace treaties or being entirely eliminated.
The only animals that seem to get fat are humans or other animals raised by humans


20150510
If I tell others I'll teach my sons to respect women, I sound like a nice guy. If I say I'll teach my daughters to respect men, I sound like a misogynist
The difference between a badass and idiot can depend on whether they survived or not
The person that first said, "actions speak louder than words" ironically contributed timeless words.
The Internet is basically a teenager right now. It's got all this potential, but the only thing it's focused on is buying things, trying to be popular, and sex.
The Garland, Texas shooting in a nutshell: Two people offended by the 1st amendment being quickly introduced to the 2nd amendment.


20150503
Russian history in 5 works: "And then things got worse."
If there was a second American Revolution the new constitution would be written by corporate lawyers.
"Hey man!" is a greeting. "Hey woman!" is likely the beginning of an argument.
Every Wikipedia Animal entry should have a "Tastes Like" section.
Easiest way to hide the truth is by calling it a conspiracy theory.
They should do The Walking Dead in England where no one would have any guns.
It would be pretty bad if other animals learned how to make fires.
A fine is just a mandatory bribe.


20150427
When marijuana is legal people will say 4/20 is just another commercialized holiday.
"Humpty Dumpty" is a good name for a one night stand
We need a Boy Scouts for adult men. I'd love to go camping, hunting, & fishing and learn about nature with like-minded individuals.
I think that going to other planets will be like going to Mt Everest. Only the rich will get to do it and they'll leave behind garbage and dead bodies.
I'll throw $3 at a snack, a latte, etc, without even a second thought. But a $0.99 app? Ouch - lemme think about that and read a dozen reviews...
Church is more entertaining if you pretend the sermon is part of the ironic foreshadowing scene in an apocalypse/disaster movie.
If you are bored you should start studying because you will immediately find something more amusing to do
For being Canadian, geese sure are assholes.
Pizza Companies should deliver cold pizza for breakfast.
A drinking fountain is a reverse urinal.


20150419
I wonder if penguins taste more like poultry or more like fish.
Running for President is like having a Kickstarter where you give away cabinet positions and ambassadorships to the people that hit certain donor levels.
In the future we won't be able to rely on any pictures or videos as "proof" because we will be able to edit them so well.
Bee's are natures suicide bombers.
Every single book is just a remix of the dictionary
There are potentially thousands of days in my life that I have forgotten completely and will never recall and I'm not completely sure I'm ok with that.
You know you've grown up when you side with Squidward over SpongeBob.


20150412
In the future, people will have 15 minutes of privacy.
"Anything is possible" is quite a scary quote if you're a pessimist
On television you can show real footage of a man getting shot to death but not a female nipple.
It would actually be more mind-blowing and have much larger ramifications if we found human beings on another world instead of aliens.
If Goldilocks tried three beds, then Momma Bear and Daddy Bear slept seperately. Baby Bear is probably the only thing keeping the family together.
I've got 99 problems and 98 of them can be attributed to poor time management and self control.


20150405
If I only had to pee once a year but it was for an entire day that would be okay with me.
No matter how stupid you think your ideas are, remember, there's a millionaire out there because of pool noodles.
If you photoshopped a man's nipples over a woman's nipples, would it still be NSFW?
With Parking Tickets, you are Guilty Until Proven Innocent.
April Fools should be called Pranksgiving.
Parks are just museums of how it was before we build over land


20150330
I feel like an archaeologist when I clean my minivan. Dirt is removed, ancient artifacts are found, and I can accurately determine the diet of those that lived there.
Our parents taught us to never get into car with strangers. Now, there's an app for that in Uber
If there are 1 billion people better than you at something, you're still in the top 15% for that thing.
April Fools Day is probably the best time to tell a kid they're adopted. If they take it well it's a success, if they take it particularly badly or can't cope with it then you can disguise it as a joke. Perfect way to test the water.
Being an adult is realizing that $5,000 is a lot of money to owe and very little money to own.
Must be hard for American Muslims born on September 11th to celebrate their birthdays..
Being super attractive allows you to have almost the exact same abilities as Jedi mind tricks do


20150323
The longer i live, the more impressed with myself that i still have all of fingers and toes.
Elon Musk is one lab accident away from becoming a supervillan.
When urologists have an idea, do they shout out "Urethra!"?
For adults, bacon in salads is just like what marshmallows in cereal is for kids.
TLC used to stand for 'The Learning Channel', but now it's more like 'Terrible Life Choices'.
The average cost of a pack of smokes is approximately 9.05. At last check, a 12-pack of socks at Walmart was $10. Therefore, if I quit smoking, I could put on, and then throw away, 11 brand new pairs of socks a day.
There are two possibilities: Time had a beginning, or it is infinite. Both are incomprehensible.


20150316
98% of people driving on the road look normal, yet 98% of people sitting at the dmv office look like crackheads or murderers
Will kids some day, much further down the road, dress up and play terrorists as they currently do with pirates?
The chance to be the first murderer on mars is still open.
All innuendo aside, a sausage fest actually sounds amazing
When people say they hope their dreams come true they really mean their daydreams. If our actual nighttime dreams came true, life would be terrifying.
Lasers were once the greatest scientific breakthrough in history, now we use them to play with cats.


20150310
If bud light was part of the box tops program, my kid's school would have a planetarium and a hockey team.
microwaves should have a “dont make a beep sound my wife is gonna be really mad if she finds out I’m making pizza rolls at 4 am again" option
If a 99 pound person ate 1 pound of nachos, they'd be 1% nachos.
"Jesus loves you" is not something you want to hear in a Spanish prison
I hope that when Donald Trump dies he gets cremated and the guy working the oven says "You're fired" and laughs.
If Pinocchio was a gangster rapper, we would be able to see just how "real" he was.
New Zealand. Surely it's about time we can just call it Zealand
It's more socially acceptable to be a man who loves another man than a man who loves Nickleback.
Adam and Eve got an apple and regretted its terms and conditions.


20150302
Apparently, towels are the biggest cause of dry skin.
Of all the organs that come in pairs, a second bladder would have been really nice.
For the next "Dirty Jobs", Mike Rowe should try being a senator.
If John Lennon wrote "Imagine" today, one of lyrics would definitely be "Imagine there's no a--holes on the internet."
Someone should open up a chain of hairdressers called "No Chats" for those of us who don't like to chat while getting our hair cut.
Ducks are the ultimate animals. They can walk, swim, dive and fly.
Ophelia and Hamlet's celebrity couple nickname would be Omelet


20150222
An Apple car will probably run great for about three years until new tire upgrades make it drive so slow you have to buy a new one.
Raising children is basically the process of domesticating wild humans
Somewhere, there is someone still in prison for stealing VCRs.
Birth certificates are just baby receipts.
At some point there will be a kid who has a grandfather named Brayden.
The Navy should actively recruit people who cannot swim; they would be much more dedicated to defend a ship.
It is very wrong to ask a woman how much she weighs because weight depends on the gravitational force of the planet you are on. You should ask her how massive she is.
Being somewhat ugly is actually kinda cool because then you know people actually like you for your personality and not your looks.
"Fifty shades of grey" is considered a romantic story only because the guy is a billionare. If he was living in a trailer or in a shack somewhere in the woods it would be an episode of "Criminal minds".


20150215
Every zoo is a petting zoo if you try hard enough.
Shouldn't boat engines be rated in sea horse power?
A group of teenager girls should be called a giggle.
Before McDonald's, "Don't buy cheeseburgers from a clown" was probably a pretty hard and fast rule.
I've never seen an 80 year old obese person
Babies cry all the time because the worst thing that's ever happened to them, happens on a regular basis.


20150208
Bruce Jenner never got into bad car accidents before he turned into a woman driver.
Gambling addict hotlines would get more calls if they made every 5th caller a winner.
Raising a child is a lot like taking care of a tiny drunk who gradually sobers up over the course of 20 years
People used to keep diaries, and get mad when anyone read them. Now we post stuff online, and get mad when people DON'T read it.
Waterboarding at Guantanamo Bay sounds super rad if you don't know what either of those things


20150111
Soy milk is regular milk introducing itself in Spanish.
I wonder if Chinese people get as excited using a fork as I do using chopsticks
My life must be pretty bad if I'm looking forward to the parts where I'm unconscious.
The pen is mightier than the sword but only if you are smart. If you are not smart the sword is better.
Cheerleading is just ROTC for strippers.
Speaking to my toddler is like Han Solo speaking to Chewbacca. Bystanders understand me but have no clue what the other person is saying.
I wonder how my friend with 'obsessive-compulsive disorder' would feel if I started calling it 'compulsive-obsessive disorder'...
Bill Gates has the money to be Batman.
White people could refer to each other as nillas.
