Potty Shower Thoughts
Humans are elaborate 3D printing machines. My wife can print a baby, but I can only print simple brown logs.
Fart is 75% art
Spicy food is the BDSM of cooking
Bathrooms should be soundproofed.
Public toilets should have a pedal for flushing on the floor next to them since people step on toilet handles to avoid touching them.

Shower Thoughts
It would be cool to have a sign on your door that says, "No solicitors, except Girl Scouts." But, that would be kind of creepy.
Watermelons are the pumpkins of summer
I'm just glad that milk doesn't have any pulp.
If I were in last place for diving in the Olympics, I'd perform a cannonball. I may not win, but I'd be the most notorious diver in Olympic history.
If the U.S. team ever wins the world cup, the rest of the world should have to refer to the game as "soccer" for the next four years.
When it is illegal to report your country doing something illegal, you are being governed by criminals.
What Facebook really needs in their settings is an "ignore all game requests" setting.
Camping is like extreme picnicking.
On the bright side, selfie sticks are also lightning rods.
Buying a Dog is Like Buying Sadness in 10 or so years
The easiest, most simple way to torture a woman is by not letting her see a picture of herself right after it is taken
Time wise, WWII movies now are the equivalent of Cowboy movies for people in the 1940's.
20 years from now you will look back on your life and think that the person you currently are was a "phase"
Some of us are still "it" from a childhood game of tag.
I'm at the age when having 'an adult night with the husband' means eating fudgicles on the couch and watching a movie with swear words.
It's a shame that national pride is really the only thing standing between the US and the Metric system.
You could probably kidnap me very easily by just pulling up in a car, saying "no time to talk just get in the car" and driving off.
Slowly getting to that point in life where when I upload my baby picture on Facebook, people assume I had a kid.
Plastic shopping bags are the tumbleweeds of our time.
The worst thing that can happen to you on Friday morning is to realize it's Tuesday morning.
Boots are one of the few pieces of women's clothing where the more skin they cover, the sexier they are.
Animal lovers become vets, only to have all animals hate them