Apparently, towels are the biggest cause of dry skin.
I've noticed a correlation between how many Dad Jokes I make and how tired I am. It's possible that my father has just been exhausted this entire time.
Of all the organs that come in pairs, a second bladder would have been really nice.
Is YOLO not a very popular term in India?
Life is like a game of solitaire, sometimes it's impossible for a person to win no matter how they play.
For the next "Dirty Jobs", Mike Rowe should try being a senator.
I have no memory of when I first learned about cannibalism, and I have no idea how I reacted to it [probably the Donner party].
Osama bin Laden and "Boyhood" both took 12 years to shoot.
If you told me in 2005 that in ten years, the NSA would monitoring all electronic communications, the police would be militarized and have "black sites," and companies would be spying on you in your own home, I'd have made you a tin foil hat.
Kittens are softer than cats because they have a higher thread count
I'm so glad that spiders don't live in packs
If John Lennon wrote "Imagine" today, one of lyrics would definitely be "Imagine there's no a--holes on the internet."
When I was younger taking selfies meant you were a loser who didn't have any friends to hold the camera for you.
Deaf people are stuck in a permanent game of charades
Someone should open up a chain of hairdressers called "No Chats" for those of us who don't like to chat while getting our hair cut.
Ducks are the ultimate animals. They can walk, swim, dive and fly.
Your body should have a mechanism that tells you to exercise like it does to eat or pee.
Tinder has literally made it possible for me to get rejected by more women than I had thought previously possible
Ophelia and Hamlet's celebrity couple nickname would be Omelet
Someone has 123-45-6789 as their social security number and can never brag about it.
The Sorting Hat probably caused several outbreaks of lice at Hogwarts.
Hangman is quite a morbid game.
Since nothing gets removed from it, in about 15 years, the internet will be filled with pictures of cats that are dead.