It would actually be more mind-blowing and have much larger ramifications if we found human beings on another world instead of aliens.
"Anything is possible" is quite a scary quote if you're a pessimist
When camera phones came out people said if there were aliens or ghosts, we'd finally see them. But all we got was corrupt cops.
On television you can show real footage of a man getting shot to death but not a female nipple.
John Jacob Jingleheimer Schmidt was one of the the first victims of identify theft.
For every man there comes a day when he pees for a really long time and thinks, "this must be some kind of a record."
Salad is just lettuce nachos.
Do people that inventory sheep often fall asleep on the job?
If someone shouts "I'm gonna suuuue you", they won't. If they say "My counsel will certainly be hearing about this", they will.
I've got 99 problems and 98 of them can be attributed to poor time management and self control.
There is no "i" in team...there is however an "i" in 'win', 'achievement', 'prevail', 'triumph', 'first place', 'gold medalist' and 'champion'.
If Goldilocks tried three beds, then Momma Bear and Daddy Bear slept seperately. Baby Bear is probably the only thing keeping the family together.
Nickleback's Greatest Hits should just be the periods of silence between their songs.
For all the high-octane driving in Fast and Furious 7, shouldn't the movie include, at least, 1-3 scenes of the group at the gas station filling-up?
If the US had never landed on the moon in the 60s, there would be conspiracy theories claiming that we actually did.
The present is a singular, fleeting moment, yet it also lasts forever and is the only thing we ever experience in our entire lifetime.
I wonder if I could beat Usain Bolt in a race if I ran on one of the moving walkways they have in airports.
In the future, people will have 15 minutes of privacy.
Graves get more flowers than living people do because regret is stronger than gratitude.
Why don't wheelchairs have pedals for when your arms get tired?
People complained when Netflix planned to increase it's monthly price by $2. Comcast has increased my monthly price by $85 over the past three years.
