98% of people driving on the road look normal, yet 98% of people sitting at the dmv office look like crackheads or murderers
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. Fool me 9,646 times, you must be a weatherman
The weather forecast is the only news segment that is still honest and unbiased, but you still can't trust it.
Imagine how great of a rapper DR.SEUSS could've been.
Will kids some day, much further down the road, dress up and play terrorists as they currently do with pirates?
Looking back now as an adult, I'm pretty sure the Ewoks ate those Stormtroopers.
Instead of America's Got Talent someone should make America Lacks Talent. I would watch that show
When a dalmatian sees a cow, he must think, what happened to that guy?
Crispy bacon is basically pig chips.
The chance to be the first murderer on mars is still open.
All innuendo aside, a sausage fest actually sounds amazing
Most janitors either took the phrase "stay in school" too seriously or not seriously enough
The difference between smart people and stupid people is that smart people manage not to blurt out all the stupid stuff that goes on in their heads.
When people say they hope their dreams come true they really mean their daydreams. If our actual nighttime dreams came true, life would be terrifying.
Thanks to smartphones and online dating, some people have met the love of their lives while sitting on the toilet.
When Simba [from the Lion King] says "I Just Can't Wait to Be King" he really means "I Just Can't Wait For My Father to Die"
I could be President if I ran my campaign solely on an Anti-Comcast platform.
Lasers were once the greatest scientific breakthrough in history, now we use them to play with cats.
I love the cold because bugs hate it.
Waldo's parents must be worried sick
The dating world is tough for most guys because some mothers tell their son they can have any girl they want and most fathers tells their daughters that no guy deserves them.
Insects would be terrifying if they were the size of animals.
Imagine how creepy it would be if babies could cry from inside the womb
The wheel that squeaks the loudest gets the grease, but the wheel that squeaks consistently gets replaced.
One day prosthetic limbs will be so advanced that the Paralympics will have better records than the Olympics.