Facebook makes you hate everyone you already know.
If colleges really want to prepare high school students for today's job market then they should only accept students who have "at least 2-3 years college experience".
Netflix gives you 15 seconds between episodes to decide whether or not you’re doing anything with your life today.
They better put emergency alert signals on Netflix, because nobody is going to see them on TV anymore.
When I use the self-checkout lane, I'm basically volunteering at the store
For you to be here today, your ancestors have survived every major extinction event, war, famine and disease to ever happen.
Cap'n Crunch would be an excellent name for a chiropractor.
For someone, somewhere in America, today is the last day they'll wake up with all 10 fingers.
Sometimes I wonder if I am intellectually challenged, and nobody is telling me.
Americans would actually know their rights if schools put emphasis on teaching them..
Whenever i walk into the ocean, i raise the whole ocean waterlevel. Insignificantly, but it still rises.
Apparently, the ultimate test of whether or not something is controversial in America is asking a bakery for a cake decorated with an image of the thing in question.
Trying to lose a game of rock-paper-scissors is just as hard as trying to win.
I wonder how much of myself I could eat before I die.
All of us alive right now are about to live through the first point in history where Humanity as a species discovers what all the planets within our solar system looks like
Ads are still louder than the TV shows they are apart of. That law was totally BS.
Instead of egg drop competitions in schools, kids should drop iphones, think of how much better they would be with people trying to engineer how to not break a screen instead of an eggshell, which might actually be a more durable material.
Why am I called 'lazy' for laying on the couch all weekend, but if it was on a beach it would be called vacationing?
Fireworks are like depth charges for birds.
If Ebenezer Scrooge was an actual boss today, he wouldn't seem evil. In fact, he would blend in with most of Corporate America.
If we took the Ethnicity question off college applications, we would truly be equal and acceptance would be based on actual merits and not skin color.
Every piece of me is as old as the universe
Adulthood is 50% "I'm too young for this to be happening" and 50% "I'm too old for this s---".
If I were stranded on an island with a fully functioning plane and runway... I'd still be stranded on that island
Upstream from Niagara Falls would be a great place to get rid of used mannequins
If you think about it, your family tree is an upside down tournament bracket of surnames competing for your last name