My biggest fear isn't death. My biggest fear is hallucinating at work and thinking I'm at the urinal when I'm actually in a team meeting.
If a rain dance brings water will a tap dance bring beer?
As long as you don't have kids, your 30s are like your 20s but with money.
The key to happiness is a bad memory
"Pretending to give a s---" should be a well-regarded skill on a resume.
every vice president in the history of the united states has probably fantasized about the president dying or being killed unexpectedly, forcing the vp to heroically take over as leader of the free world
2,000 years ago seems oddly close when you think of 2,000 years as a string of about 25 people living one after the other.
The ability for humans to toss/throw/lob an object with a decent level of accuracy while calculating the angle, speed, distance and trajectory in a split second is incredible.
Friday is so close to Monday but Monday is so far from Friday
A Nazi salute beats a Black Power salute in a game of rock, paper scissors.
The guy who discovered coffee is kinda responsible for every other discovery too.
Almost everything you watch on tv is people working.
It's been years since I've gone 24 hours without looking at an electronic screen.
I wish that, instead of burning them slowly, I could use up all of my fat cells at once on one insane feat of athleticism.
WebMD should be renamed itsprobablycancer.com
I've never seen an overweight/obese person in a fast food commercial
How important does a person have to be before they are considered assassinated instead of just murdered?
I bet the best skipping rocks are found at the bottom of lakes.
Imagine how badass the first human ever to ride a horse must have looked, riding back to his cave like "I just tamed this wild animal and now I'm straddling its back".
When you look at the sky during the day, you are admiring the atmosphere. But when you look at the sky at night, you are admiring the universe.
If someone breaks up with you over text, it's a good thing that they broke up with you.
Used to be guys covered in tattoos and piercings would make me nervous, now they just make me coffee.
You either die a Chris Farley, or live long enough to see yourself become an Adam Sandler
Getting into Cracker Barrel on a Sunday is the rural version of getting into the hottest club on a Friday.
People with neck-up photos on Tinder are Schrödinger's Fat
Because of One-child policy, uncles and aunts will soon be a rare thing in China.
Love at first sight is only for pretty people