With Sesame Street moving to HBO, I wonder which character will be killed off first?
The Minions have bad luck serving the forces of evil. T-Rex, Napoleon, etc. But what were they doing in the 1940s?
Michael Jackson simultaneously blurred the line between black and white, man and woman, and grown-up and child.
The middle aged equivalent to the 'walk of shame' is having to leave a public place because your child is throwing a fit.
These days if you watch a trailer for a comedy movie, at the end of it, you'll only be paying for the plot of the film at the cinema.
When a toilet seat is cold it's horrible but when it's warm it's worse
It only takes three generations for you to be basically forgotten
The History Channel is to History as MTV is to Music
You can ask a tall person for help reaching something on a tall shelf but you can't ask a short person for help grabbing something that is near the ground.
When aliens really attack Earth, my first thought is probably going to be "Which movie came the closest?"
During a zombie apocalypse there would be a group of "zombie rights activists " who would protest the killing of zombies because they used to be people.
I wonder if disease researchers get nervous when one of their coworkers call in sick.
My parents didn't send me to summer camp so that I could have fun. They sent me so that THEY could have fun.
If your rapping career ever falls through, you can always be the guy on medicine commercials who lists the side effects
Fire trucks are actually water trucks.
Most cellphone companies actually have the resources to be excellent companies that offers excellent services. They simply choose not to, and it's sad.
Since it was most likely discovered by accident, the creator of the boomerang must have been terrified that first time.
The % of battery left on my phone at the end of a work day directly correlates to the % of work I did during said day
Watching TV everyday and binge watching when a new season is on Netflix is accepted as normal, but do that with videogames and most people think you're wasting your life
In weddings the wife throw her bouquet to see who's the next getting married....It would be fun if we throw the wreath at funerals to see who's the next to die...