It's cool for my wife to buy me power tools for my birthday, but if I was to bring her a vacuum cleaner (or pans in Jack's case)...
I don't like brushing my teeth at night because it's hard for me to make that kind of commitment to stop eating.
Out of 7 billion people, theres definitely someone out there who eats Campbells condensed soup without adding that extra can of water.
Music was so much better when ugly people made it.
I used to get disappointed when my parents said no to getting fast food, now I'm just disappointed with myself when I find myself eating there
If there is a War on Christmas then Christmas is winning. It has taken over the territories of both October and November from opposing factions Halloween and Thanksgiving.
I bet a heroin junkie could find a needle in a haystack.
Michael Jackson's probably the blackest he's ever been right now.
Telling someone they were in a "safe space" used to mean they could speak freely
Taking a crap has got to be one of the few activities that can be intensely satisfying, disappointing, painful, embarrassing, and/or incredibly time sensitive - often all in the same day.
We'll never have to iron again if everyone agrees that wrinkled clothes are in style.
Society has successfully taught me that paying 6 dollars per day for cigarettes is too much while paying for 4 dollar coffees multiple times per day is reasonable
Statistically, half the people you meet are below average.
Probably going to die the same way I was born. Bald and confused.
Being a child, you're taught under the premise that everything makes sense. Becoming an adult is realising that absolutely nothing makes sense.
I bet farts are the longest running joke throughout time.
Instead of so many history classes kids should take a future class and learn about how to not be a terrible adult.
Am I really just eating my lipstick as it disappears throughout the day? How many tubes of lipstick have I eaten over the years?
It's Wednesday night. I'm thirty and playing Rocket League in a shark suit. For the life of me I can't figure out if my life is a resounding success or failure.
I wish I was as good of a person as Superman but I'm not, because, if I had his powers, I'd absolutely take over the earth and run things my way.
