The opposite of "Never Forget" is "Always Remember", but they mean the same thing
Jack The Ripper would be a great name for a fitness trainer
Sleeping is cool. It's like being dead without the commitment.
A gallon of gas is less expensive than guacamole from Chipotle.
Kirkland should just make a damn car already. Generic and average quality, but insanely affordable.
Dads Are Good at Fixing Things Because Kids Are Good at Breaking Things.
Parking tickets are the opposite of "innocent until proven guilty." You're presumed guilty unless you can go to court and prove your innocence.
Right now, there are millions of formally dressed skeletons in our ground.
There should be a mute button on microwaves for late night snacking.
When we talk to God, we're praying. When God talks to us, we're schizophrenic.
As a kid, I never thought I would be spanked more as an adult, or that I would like it.
Graveyards are our way of providing future generations with human oil.
It must be really difficult for the Prince of Nigeria to introduce himself to people.
It won't be long before some organisation calls for the ban of the 'fat' Santa character.
Travelocity and eHarmony should team up and make a website where you can book a flight and be seated next to someone you'll get along with.
I have the luxury of being able to think in my own personal heated waterfall.
You either "nail" it or "screw" it up.
The only real best friend I have is the one I married.
Chicken is so good that we created gravy made from chicken to pour onto chicken
Most of the people excited for zombies don't do cardio, have never shot a gun and have no survival skills.
Why is it 2015 and we still don't have places that deliver breakfast food?
What if the Placebo Effect is a lie and taking pill-sized amounts of sugar is just a really healthy thing to do.
One day I hope to call a customer service line when they're experiencing lower than normal call volume.
Whoever first said, "sticks and stones may break my bones, but words could never hurt me." Is the biggest liar ever.
Why doesn't Tarzan have a beard?
A broom is an acoustic vacuum.