The speed in which a woman says "Nothing", when asked "What's Wrong?", is inversely proportionate to the severity of the s--- storm coming.
The sentence, "We need to talk." is the most anxiety-inducing 4 word sentence in existence.
Being single and on the "Market", I am finding out that the market is flooded with defectives, recalls and safety concerns.
I treat my body in a way that proves I have 100% confidence in medical science being able to fix ANY medical problem by the time I'm 50.
Knowing when to keep your mouth shut is easily one of the greatest and most underrated skills any human being can learn during their lifetime.
The hardest one-syllable word to say out loud is "sixths"
I really miss snapping my flip-phone shut
Telling my parents "I finished all my food" has two very different implications between being a child and being a college student.
There are millions upon millions of plants growing across the globe that were planted by their seeds being carried by wind and animals, in the some of the harshest conditions...and I can't grow a f---ing tomato plant in a pot with special soil and instructions how to do so.
I could go back in time and start a religion with a laser pointer.
The satisfaction of changing the line spacing in a school assignment from 1 to 1.5 when you're done, is hugely underrated
behind every girls selfie is approximately 48 nearly identical photos that just didn’t cut it.
I have never needed to use my toenails.
Did paper planes exist before real ones? What were they called?
I wish I could see a woman that I know is equally as attractive as I am so I know how attractive I am to the opposite sex
You know you have grown up, when you go to a store and dont buy sweets or alcohol
I wish my tongue were abrasive enough to clean my teeth.
A cell phone doesn't seem that heavy till you drop it on your face while laying down.
If attacking from behind is considered cowardly, why is kicking ass considered an accomplishment?
Old people don't drive slow. Slow drivers live to be old people.
Rigged carnival games are a good way to introduce children to the unfair ways of the world.
You know, you don't really need a jump rope to preform the exercise you would do with a jump rope.
To understand how precious even the smallest life is, consider the magnitude of if we found an ant on mars.
Why haven't they frosted both sides of frosted mini wheats yet?
I'm pretty sure humans have the most complicated mating ritual of all animals