Where does a bald person's face end?
I wonder who had to be thrown under a bus for that to become an idiom.
The biggest communication problem is we do not listen to understand, we listen to reply.
The War of 1812 should be renamed, "The Empire Strikes Back."
If you don't think that at a past point in your life you were a massive idiot, then you're probably still a massive idiot.
Why is Homer Simpson considered a professional failure? He is able to support a whole family in their own house as the sole earner.
If a black guy has an unnecessarily large truck, which stereotype do I believe?
I'm constantly torn between not wanting to die alone and generally wanting to be left alone.
All future people's bodies exist right now, they are just not assembled.
I don't regret burning my bridges. I regret that some people weren't on those bridges when I burnt them.
If OJ Simpson Hadn't screwed up we wouldn't be having all this Kardashian shit
Germany has an N-word, too.
Drug dealers are really the only people that care about the metric system in America
If we didn't respond to terrorism in the media so drastically it wouldn't spread as much terror therefore defeating terrorism.
My smoke detector is better at telling me I am a terrible cook than it is at telling me my house is on fire.
Wouldn't it be great if child's toy vacuum cleaner actually cleaned the floor?
I've never seen a new bowling alley.
If Titanic was made today it would be two movies released one year apart. One before the iceberg and one after.
"Love on the first sight" is just a romantic way of saying "I date you for your appearance"
When I was younger, I thought 21 year olds were so old and had their life together. Now that I'm older, I think 21 year olds are just big children who still are lost in life.
As a 30 year old, 50 year old people don't look as old as I imagined when I was a child.
Based on how little I knew or cared about my great grandparents, my life will be irrelevant in as little as three generations.
I brought a gopro to film lots of fun things then realised how boring I am
The only difference between tacos and nachos is entropy
Socializing is like going to the gym for me. I know it's good for me and once I'm doing it, I actually enjoy it, but I will try every excuse in the book to avoid it.