For Sean
Cleaning my cats litterbox is like panning for terrible gold.
Herding cats is much easier now thanks to laser technology.

"If you resolve to give up bacon, you don't actually live longer; it just seems longer."
Buy 1 pizza and feed yourself for a day, but buy two pizzas and feed yourself for a day.
The KKK ruined being a ghost for Halloween.
When people dress up as skeletons for Halloween, they're going as themselves from the future.
Isn't the phrase "trick or treat" just extortion?
Cannibals should rebrand to humanitarians.
Over the years, I have vacuumed up and dumped in the trash literally pounds of my wife.
Croutons are the Lucky Charms marshmallows of salad
Your ass is your leg's shoulder
If I was a woman, I'd be a seasonal stripper named Pumpkin Spice just to get money for Christmas Shopping.
The stupidest people I've met in my life had no idea they were stupid... so I could be stupid too and not know it.
The iPhone forever plan is like saying. Sell your soul to Apple and we will charge you interest.
If you count backwards from 10, there is a fair chance that you are counting down somebody's last seconds.
Why doesn't anyone ever come back from a near death experience claiming Hell is for real?
If I'm attracted to a narcissistic girl, does that mean we're into the same type of women?
“I don’t watch TV” proudly says a person who spends 8 hours a day on the internet
Logically there has to be a worst person in heaven and a best person in hell. The best person in hell is probably feeling pretty ticked off right now.
Henry Ford raised his employees ' salary so they could afford his cars, Wal-Mart keeps their employees ' salary low so they can only afford Wal-Mart.
My favorite type of exercise is running from responsibility
Hipsters have turned beards into the padded bra of manliness. All these dudes running around looking like lumberjacks and can't even change a flat tire.
Doves and pigeons are basically the same thing, but society values doves more because they're white.
Not doing anything with my life is surprisingly time consuming.
