"Dry runs" sounds like a horrifying medical condition
The world would probably be a much better place if adults had a mandatory "Nap Time" like kindergarteners.
There should be an observation deck at Wal-Mart.
Olympic events should have some regular people competing so we can appreciate how amazing the athletes actually are
I wonder who the night shift crew of the Star Trek Enterprise was, and what adventures they had.
I think US government officials should pledge allegiance to the people of the United States each morning.
The length of a minute depends on which side of the bathroom door you are on.
The secret to sharing a queen size bed with a woman is to buy king sized sheets.
Cannibalism holds the potential to solve both hunger and overpopulation problems.
If you are rich enough, every restaurant is all-you-can-eat-buffet
I can tell that I just Googled a stupid question when Yahoo Answers is one of the top hits.
A face tattoo is a warning sign that says "I make bad decisions."
You have a veiny tentacle in your mouth right now called a tongue. Just wiggle it, It's so strange.
If good things come to those who wait, procrastination isn't a bad thing
In the future, there will likely be a dark and gritty reboot of the Harry Potter franchise.
Dentist offices need where's Waldo pictures on their ceiling
USA vs. Germany... England vs. Japan... The women's world cup is getting a little bit WWIIish
Teenagers are always a couple of years more mature than their parents think they are, and a couple of years less mature than they think they are.
A roller coaster is the perfect embodiment of "It's all about the journey, not the destination."
If pigs could fly, imagine how the wings would taste.
Walkie Talkies used to be the coolest thing ever and cellphones have made them obsolete.
You are less likely to have kids if your parents didn't have any.
The only time I'm not scared by a spider is when someone else in the room is scared by that spider first.
Grilled cheese and tomato soup is just a cheese pizza reorganized.
Showing your newborn children to your parents is the ultimate "look what I made Mom!"
"A mile a minute" sounds way faster than "60 miles an hour"
Elmo has been learning his numbers for over 30 years and can barely count to ten.
People do not hate Mondays, they hate their jobs.
The more exes you have the more names you don't have for your future child
At every airport baggage claim, somebody's wish to have their bag pop out first is granted.
If we made Senators and Congress men wear 24/7 body cams like the ones we are proposing for police officers, I have a feeling corruption in DC would drop significantly.
In a straight line, most peoples tongues are probably long enough to lick their own brain.
When I started watching The Simpsons I was slightly younger than Bart. Now I'm closer to the age of Homer.
Why should i go to someones funeral when I know for a fact that they will not go to mine?
I no longer have enough printed magazines in my house to create an entire ransom note.
When you're feeling down, remember that the ex members of N Sync have to listen to Justin Timberlake on the radio.
Han Solo doesn't seem so great when you realize who his real-world analog would be: A trucker doing cross-border smuggling for drug cartels, who shot a guy in a bar.
I wonder how delicious some extinct animals would have been.
The friend zone is basically like getting turned down for a job, then having the manager call you every week to complain about the new guy they hired.
Sheep are basically sweater trees
I don't always eat scrambled eggs but when i do, it's because i messed up my omelette.
I wish my teeth were as white as my legs.
Fleeing from police is like choosing the double or nothing option.
If your wife has a friend that annoys you, don't tell your wife to stop being friends with her. Just casually mention how pretty she is.
Now that Amazon, eBay, Walmart, Etsy and Sears have all banned confederate flag merchandise, there are probably going to be a bunch of poor black kids in africa wearing confederate flag apparel.
We pretty much believe in the sanctity of human life over animals, except in movies where depicting the death of animals upsets us more than the death of humans.
A hundred years ago, if 100,000 people saw something you made you'd be rated a very successful artist, writer, etc. Today, that barely qualifies as a successful meme.
Someone had the worst day in the world today, and because you have internet and are reading this, it probably wasn't you.
A meatball is just a baby meatloaf.