They can't make movies like Stand By Me, The Sandlot, or Goonies anymore because the parents would all go to jail for child neglect.
You have to understand the difference between someone who speaks to you on their free time and someone who frees their time to speak to you.
I read recipes the same way I read science fiction. I get to the end and I think, "Well, that's not going to happen."
Ironing boards are surf boards that gave up on their dreams and got a real job
My dog barking is exactly like click bait: When I get up to see what the big deal is, it usually turns out to be a waste of my time.
If you have a job, you're basically selling your life an hour at a time.
You don't see a lot of out-of-state license plates in Hawaii.
Drugs are proof that you can cheat life. They are also proof that life doesn't like to be cheated.
My future grandchildren will think it's amazing I could get a Starbucks coffee for $5
There was probably a point in history when salt was someone's "secret ingredient".
If you crush a cockroach, you're a hero. If you crush a beautiful butterfly, you're a villain. Morals have aesthetic criteria.
A man never really knows just how much he farts until he spends 24 hours with a girl he likes.
Most of us don't like the buzzing sound that wasps and the like make, and even react with fear. But imagine if they were silent...
If I live to be 100 and the local news team comes to interview me, I'm going to come up with some weird secret about living that long, like I ate a pine cone every day.
I wonder if I'd be more attractive if I was the opposite gender version of me
If you time travelled too far in either direction you would probably die quickly because your immune system wouldn't be able to deal with the germs/viruses/diseases of that era.
People in the year 9999 might claim that the Gregorian Calendar ends there and that Italians predicted that the universe would then end.
When people claim that "The moon landing was fake," do they realize we went to the moon 6 times?
It should be a law that instead of using a mass killer's name the media has to replace it with "Some A--hole". "Some A--hole murdered 9 people in SC..."
At a certain age, Halloween stops being about candy and starts being about eye candy.
Taking pictures of holding a fish out of water is ok, pictures of drowning any animal in water makes you phyco. It's basically the same thing.
If I ate nothing but butterflies, I would probably significally increase the average number of butterflies eaten per person.
I have motorcycles, electric guitars, a dog, and an extremely flexible bedtime. I am everything I ever wanted to be when I was six.
The older I get, the more I realize there are no grown ups and nobody knows what the they’re doing.
If a quantum computer has a problem, will we have to switch it on and off and the same time?
Future history books will likely include famous social media posts
