The longer i live, the more impressed with myself that i still have all of fingers and toes.
Elon Musk is one lab accident away from becoming a supervillan.
When urologists have an idea, do they shout out "Urethra!"?
For adults, bacon in salads is just like what marshmallows in cereal is for kids.
A kid's first birthday is also a celebration for the parents keeping them alive for a year.
Crazy horse girls are just crazy cat ladies who group up in a wealthy household
TLC used to stand for 'The Learning Channel', but now it's more like 'Terrible Life Choices'.
Dora the explorer's parents were extremely negligent
You have to wonder how many animals people tried to ride before deciding on horses.
I will be hugely disappointed in any astronaut who doesn't use the line "look, I just need space" during a break up.
The American Red Cross should do a program called "Pint for Pint", in which every time you donate a pint of blood, you get a pint of ice cream
The average cost of a pack of smokes is approximately 9.05. At last check, a 12-pack of socks at Walmart was $10. Therefore, if I quit smoking, I could put on, and then throw away, 11 brand new pairs of socks a day.
I wonder if all the bad things happening in my life are because I didn't forward those chain emails to twenty people.
Procrastinators are able to do 30 minutes of work in 8 hours and 8 hours of work in the 30 minutes before it’s due
I will be thoroughly disappointed if the first human born on Mars isn't named Marvin.
There are two possibilities: Time had a beginning, or it is infinite. Both are incomprehensible.
You should be able to buy intervals of silence on the jukebox in bars.
Our hair turning gray is like our body running out of ink.
I owed blockbuster late fees. My game plan of waiting them out worked.

If vomiting is 'throwing up', diarrhea should be 'throwing down'.
Hemorrhoids should have been called asteroids
Toilet paper should be called crapkins
Why don't toilets have a garbage disposal feature like some sinks do?