Russian history in 5 works: "And then things got worse."
The five most reassuring words ever are: "I haven't started yet either"
Hipsters now have to struggle between getting an arm tattoo or an Apple Watch.
Why haven't they made the sticks that hold up corndogs edible yet?
Now that everyone has a cell phone, guys in high school will never again know the horror of calling a girl at her house & having her dad answer.
If there was a second American Revolution the new constitution would be written by corporate lawyers.
I only seem funny when texting because I get to spend ~5minutes thinking of my best possible response.
Cemeteries are people landfills.
"Hey man!" is a greeting. "Hey woman!" is likely the beginning of an argument.
If joggers did not exist, who would find all the dead bodies??
I would like to give thanks to the brave men and women who died a long time ago tasting which plants were edible and which plants were not.
Every Wikipedia Animal entry should have a "Tastes Like" section.
In 10 years hipsters will stop vaping and switch back to cigarettes because it's retro and ironic
Crappy hand-driers are super environmentally friendly because they save energy by being crappy and I end up wiping my hands on my pants anyway
Easiest way to hide the truth is by calling it a conspiracy theory.
Colleges are mini third world countries: Cheap/lousy housing, low income, and people spreading diseases to one another.
Urban dictionary has evolved from a funny site to a place where older people go to find out what their kids are talking about.
Most of the men and women at the gym are working toward the same goal, The perfect female body.
They should do The Walking Dead in England where no one would have any guns.
When someone stops believing in Santa Claus, they become him.
It would be pretty bad if other animals learned how to make fires.
A fine is just a mandatory bribe.
I measure my day's productivity by the amount of phone battery remaining when I leave work.
In the Star Wars universe, there are probably people who think destroying the Death Star was an inside job.
Hot coffee: awesome. Iced coffee: fantastic. Room temperature coffee: most disgusting thing on the planet.