Masochists would make terrible slaves.
If I tell others I'll teach my sons to respect women, I sound like a nice guy. If I say I'll teach my daughters to respect men, I sound like a misogynist
The difference between a badass and idiot can depend on whether they survived or not
When someone dies on a TV show, we are basically watching them get fired
The success of a kids movie can easily be measured by how much the parents hate the theme song.
The person that first said, "actions speak louder than words" ironically contributed timeless words.
Chuck E. Cheese is really a casino that's legal for kids - and the house always wins.
Are Adam Sandler's movies getting worse, or am I just getting older and more mature?
If twitter was around in the 80s, #saveferris would have been trending that day
A plastic bag flowing in the wind is an urban tumbleweed.
Spiders are the classic everyday vigilante. They are generally misunderstood, everyone hates them, and yet, they protect us from having to deal with all of the shitty bugs we would otherwise encounter in their absence.
Sleeping like a baby? Babies are the worst sleepers on the planet. Should be "Sleeping like a teenager"
Every country has an Independence Day except Britain because they're the ones everyone was seeking independence from.
The Internet is basically a teenager right now. It's got all this potential, but the only thing it's focused on is buying things, trying to be popular, and sex.
Paper is only about 4/1000ths of an inch thick, but I can tell if I'm holding one piece or two.
Now that my eyebrows have fallen off from the chemotherapy, I bet I could pull off a poker face pretty well.
Swimming pools on the titanic are still full
If God orchestrated evolution, then he went through a phase playing with dinosaurs
The Garland, Texas shooting in a nutshell: Two people offended by the 1st amendment being quickly introduced to the 2nd amendment.
If I ever lose my pinky finger, when children ask what happened I'm going to tell them that I broke a promise.
Ikea is just Lego for Adults.
I have swallowed and will swallow thousands of times, but if I mess up just once I could die.
