
Ron Swanson should get a spinoff show that is an HGTV-like show mocumentary where he works with annoying couples who want to fix their homes

Cecil the Lion related thoughts:
Two weeks from now no one will give a s--- about Cecil, and we'll be riding the next big wave of internet activism.
This whole Cecil the Lion fiasco just goes to show that everyone on the internet really really loves cats.
A dentist killing a lion is headline news, but drones killing children in Pakistan is a footnote.
A dentist kills a lion and people lose their heads. We've collectively destroyed half of the planet's wildlife in the past 40 years and nobody bats an eyelid.

Normal Shower Thoughts
The most American thing I can think of would be a drive-thru Wal Mart.
Whenever I hear my own voice in a recording, it just makes me want to apologize to everyone that I've ever spoken to.
When I was younger I was always "goose" in duck, duck, goose. I now realise it's because I was the fat kid.
As a college senior, I can't wait until my net worth is finally $0
You don't need a parachute to skydive. You just need a parachute to skydive twice.
I'm so glad I was born just before the time when all of my embarrassing childhood videos would have been stored on the Internet.
Bologna is just a flat hot dog.
The "Help, I've fallen and can't get up" Life Alert lady is probably dead by now.
Judging by the state of public restrooms, potty training is a giant failure.
You never really appreciate "Scooby-Doo" until you're sorting out your life after Graduation, and you realize how awesome it would be to just take off in a van with your three best friends and spend the rest of your life exploring haunted amusement parks.
Eating meat is outsourcing eating vegetables
How fast a car goes 60-0 is a lot more important than how fast it goes 0-60.
I don't feel like killing anyone after playing a violent game, but I do when I play puzzle games
I would much rather be abducted by aliens than humans.
All of my friends started out as strangers.
To break up with someone, you could say: 'It's time to take the relationship to the previous level.'
Majority of people test new flashlights by seeing how badly it will blind them.
At some point in history, a mosquito has to have bitten into a pimple and thought "What the h--- is this?"
If I die a virgin that means I have a terrorist waiting to have sex with me up there.
The line between creepy and romantic is one defined by attraction
It's incredible how fast you feel better after throwing up when you've had food poisoning.
At some point in my life someone has probably seen me and thought "Well... at least I'm not that guy"