Shoplifting is difficult but not impossible in a nudist colony.
"Selfie stick" sounds like something you would buy at an adult store.
The show "Hoarders" should be made available in a special collector's edition.
An Apple car will probably run great for about three years until new tire upgrades make it drive so slow you have to buy a new one.
Raising children is basically the process of domesticating wild humans
Being married is represented by shiny rings on the finger. Being a parent is represented by dark rings under the eyes.
The fact that there is a highway to hell and only a stairway to heaven says a lot about the traffic trends.
Somewhere, there is someone still in prison for stealing VCRs.
Gonorrhoea sounds like a medicine to treat Diarrhoea.
The first video MTV played was "Video Killed the Radio Star." 33 years later MTV doesn't play music videos and radio is still going strong.
We tell athletes to give 110% but then we ban PEDs.
Birth certificates are just baby receipts.
"Therapist" is an odd job title for a person who is supposed to help heal rape victims
If fat cells are just a body's way of storing energy to use later... I'm not fat, I'm full of potential.
Driverless cars will increase the efficiency of drive by shootings.
At some point there will be a kid who has a grandfather named Brayden.
If professor X can move objects with his mind. How come he doesn't move his legs?
Being in college at 28 is like going to Chuck E. Cheese. I'm the oldest person here by far, there's a bunch of little kids running around crying and playing stupid games with each other, and after spending a ridiculous amount of money and earning enough points then maybe I can get a crappy prize.
When a Native American becomes the president, we will truly have come full circle.
Fingers are just tentacles with bones in them
When all the snow melts in NYC, they're gonna find all the bodies of the people they thought weren't getting murdered.
Why does all hair become disgusting as soon as it's not on our head?
The Navy should actively recruit people who cannot swim; they would be much more dedicated to defend a ship.
It is very wrong to ask a woman how much she weighs because weight depends on the gravitational force of the planet you are on. You should ask her how massive she is.
Being somewhat ugly is actually kinda cool because then you know people actually like you for your personality and not your looks.
You know how there are double stuffed oreos? There should be double stuffed pop tarts.
I've never once worked with an employer that paid me more than a female coworker with the same job title. Yet every single employer I've ever had has asked me to do a tasks because the female coworkers were physically incapable of doing it.
Instead of trying to convince the U.S. Government to seriously invest in a manned Mars mission, we should try to convince Russia to do it. Then the U.S. will get it done in no time!
Apple could put the entire book of Mein Kampf in the terms and conditions and everyone would still hit Agree.
At what point does a nap become a sleep?
The person who cares the least is the person who controls the relationship
All of my friends are getting married, and I'm still trying to get over the fact that oranges are pre-sliced by nature.
"Fifty shades of grey" is considered a romantic story only because the guy is a billionare. If he was living in a trailer or in a shack somewhere in the woods it would be an episode of "Criminal minds".
