Adulthood is realizing that if I don't do it, then no one will.
Before airplanes were invented, what sounds did parents make when feeding babies?
I'm over 30 and my Saturday night consists of an empty apartment, a bottle of wine, Tostino's pizza rolls and professional wrestling. I've either hit a new low or figured everything out.
When I buy a lottery ticket, I'm really just buying 20 seconds of fantasizing how my life would change for the better.
Senior citizen discounts should just round dollar amounts down so we don't have to wait in line behind them while they dig for change.
I've never tried North Korean food, but then again, neither have most of the North Koreans.
I really miss the days when musicians could be both popular and ugly
Being in a wheelchair taught me not to judge on the physical appearance of others... but rather to judge them based on the type of wheelchair they use.
Have the TV news programs been using clickbait titles for decades? Find out tonight at 11.
Everyone always talks about leaving a better world for there kid, how about leaving a better kid for the world.
Getting a haircut is like doing a trust fall that lasts for four months.
People think Trump will make a great candidate because he can't be corrupted by money. The reality is that he just cut out the middle man.
I feel like Frodo would have some serious PTSD picking out an engagement ring.
Last night my friend asked to use a USB port to charge his cigarette, but I was using it to charge my book. The future is stupid.
Luke Skywalker went from being a simple farm boy to being a mass murderer of 1.1M people by destroying the first Death Star
When Jared goes to jail, just imagine all the foot long jokes he's gonna hear before they rape him.
Subway employees must hear "Ummm..." a thousand times each shift.
It's impossible to say "quinoa" without sounding like a pretentious a--hole.
Muslims with tourette syndrome might have a hard time at airports
A deaf man can mute his nagging wife by simply shutting his eyes
Kids today will never know the fear of Crown Victoria headlights in their rear view mirror.
Baby boomers refer to the 50s/60s as a "simpler time" because they were children and couldn't fully understand the world's complexities.
You can tell that the Flintstones lived a very long time ago because they're a single-income working class family with their own house.
Hair dressers should only be allowed to decorate their salons with pictures of people with haircuts THEY did.
Just by changing the shape of my mouth, I can use my breath to either cool something off, or warm something up.