If people could hear my thoughts in public places, I'd get beaten up. A lot.
I would like my next pizza to be sliced in a spiral so I can just eat one continuous piece of pizza.
At 45 I realize Danny Glover was 41 in 1987's Lethal Weapon who was already "Too old for this shit"
A coffee and smartphone today are just the cigarette and newspaper of 20 years ago.
Bill Cosby has proven "you die a hero or live long enough to become the villain."
I wonder, throughout history, which team has won more games: shirts or skins.
I've woken up over 8.000 times in my life and I still suck at it
Apple made $13.6 billion in profit last quarter. This means they made $2K per second in profit.
If I went back in time, I could "invent" many things, but have absolutely no idea how to make them.
Artificial flavoring and synthetic ingredients are so common in our groceries that making a product with real food has become a marketing point
We should positively reinforce health and fitness. Tax breaks, cheaper insurance, better loans, the works.
I can't wait until I'm pregnant. It's going to be awesome when people ask if I'm expecting and I tell them "no"and then watch them feel horrible for suggesting it.
Copy and Paste is arguably one of the greatest inventions in the history of the world.
This is probably the first time in history where men are wanting to see a movie about a teddy bear, and women want to see a movie about strippers.
The best way to measure the success of a pun is to see how many people sigh
If I didn't have TV or internet, I would think the world isn't such a bad place.
'The Very Hungry Caterpillar' teaches children that if you eat too much, you become beautiful.
You never know how many people you dislike until you have to name your child
If Greece's bail out money isn't sent in a giant wooden horse full of counterfeits an opportunity is being missed.
As a kid, nothing excited me more than seeing a McDonalds PlayPlace. As an adult, nothing disgusts me more than seeing a McDonalds PlayPlace
As a girl, having girlfriends makes you sound sociable. As a male, having boyfriends makes you gay.
There should be a new Home Alone movie where Macaulay Culkin is the burglar trying to support his drug habit.
The average number of fingers on July 3rd is probably almost always higher than on July 4th.
Procrastination is basically you ignoring yourself.
There is nothing more annoying than a sock with that uncomfortable lump of fabric right under your pinky toe