I have always been told to appreciate our soldiers who protect our rights, and freedoms. Although the older I get it appears the only people who is infringing on my rights, and freedoms are the ones in office who control the soldiers.
I am more scarred of my own government negatively affecting my life then any terrorist organisation or foreign power
About 30 years ago, President Nixon was almost impeached for wire tapping one building. Today, the U.S. Government (including the President) can record data from all our phones
If your neighbor has wind chimes, you have wind chimes.
As a child, I wished there was someone like Superman to make things right for humanity. But now as an adult, I wish there was someone like Dexter instead.
The time when I look the most homeless is when I'm in my home.
People are like farts, the older I get, the fewer I trust.
Saying an ethnic group name followed by an inanimate object makes that phrase sound like a sex act. Ex: Hungarian seat cushion, German fire hydrant.
No internet is less stressful as compared to slow internet.
Leonardo Da Vinci would s--- his pants if he saw a printer replicate his masterpiece the Mona Lisa in 1 minute.
That feeling I got whenever I would look at my grades, I now get whenever I look at my bank account
Sitting on a cold toilet seat is unfavorable. Sitting on a warm toilet seat is worse.
The internet is full of cats because dog people go outside.
its ALWAYS "crazy cat lady" NEVER "crazy cat man"
Getting married is accepting that you can't do any better
Being able to drink heavily quickly goes from a badge of honor as a 20 something, to a serious problem as a 30 something
A Lawnmower is just a flightless upside down helicopter
Subdivisions are often named after the natural feature they ruined by being there.
The news is basically just someone saying good evening, and then giving you a list of reasons it's not.
Instead of one leap day every four years we could have a leap hour every two months and get extra sleep.
College is like a girlfriend. If you don't put enough attention to her, she kicks you out. If you cheat on her and get caught, you get kicked out. If you don't spend money on her, you get kicked out.
The saying 'Money can't buy you happiness' should be changed to 'Money can't prevent sadness'
Advil sounds like a town with a lot of billboards.
The old adage "Do what you love and you'll never work a day in your life" is an ominous truth for art majors.