The fact that I can't recognize my co-workers outside of uniform 85% of the time, tells me superman knows exactly what he's doing.
If a burglar broke into my house at night, I'm sure they'd give up after the fourth baby gate.
Heat, Pressure, and Time. The three things that make a diamond, are also the three things that make a waffle.
A true mad scientist would only destroy half of the earth, since the other half is the control group.
1984-2000 seems a very long time compared to 2000-2016.
Mario Kart GO would be absolute mayhem
I am so happy I live in a world with Facebook. Before that, it would have taken weeks, even months, before finding out someone was an idiot.
It must suck to be a butterfly on super windy day. "Oh, I guess I'm going this way now."
If you watch sitcoms without the laugh tracks, the characters just give each other cringed looks and awkward silences for those jokes.
Adulthood is like looking both ways before you cross the street and then getting hit by an airplane.
I wonder how many times I unknowingly avoided death
I can't imagine fighting in armor. I feel uncomfortable just walking uphill in blue jeans
The older I get, the more I think a mostly boring life (i.e., drama-free, routine, calm) life is very much underrated.
The teenagers that made fun of me in school for being nerd and playing a musical instrument are now adults who want their kids to perform like I did in school.
Pokeman Go is the greatest thing to happen to America's knowledge of the metric system since drugs.
I sit at work in front of a computer all day just to afford to sit at home in front of a computer all night.
As someone with a bad memory, I wish I could Google things that happened in my life.
When we make contact with aliens, conspiracy theorists will make a 180 and say extraterrestrials don't exist.
Fifteen year olds on summer vacation are probably the least stressed they will be until they're retired.
My penis and stomach are like my two business partners whose sole purpose is to run the business into the ground.




