The only reason you're mad at your past self for procrastinating, is because you want to procrastinate now.
Our preference for large breasts and muscular men is exactly what would happen if aliens were breeding us for milk and meat.
Humans can't even co-exist peacefully with their own kind on Earth and somehow still manage to convince themselves that meeting an extra-terrestrial species would go smoothly
Humans have a fear of aliens coming to Earth with superior technology and killing everyone but that's exactly what happened to the Native Americans.
As an Adult I think about running away way more then I ever did as a kid.
Nothing is worse than the people who say, "I wish they taught us meaningful things in high school like taxes or saving for retirement" Really? You think you were going to pay attention in tax class?
It's technically illegal to buy a child, yet "adoptions" require an exchange of money. So really, adoption is just the legal purchase of a baby.
Old people complain about young people being too loud, but when you ask them a question they say they can't hear you.
Knocking on the door of an introvert is like tapping on the glass of a fish tank
If ancient Egyptians could see the internet today, they'd be very proud of the amount of cat videos.
Life is a choose your own adventure book, it's just that we don't know the title, and we can't ever go back and undo the page turn.
Schrödinger's Ex: By not checking an ex's social media accounts and nor asking about them, they can neither be happier nor unhappier than yourself.
'I can't find my phone' is a common phrase which was possibly never spoken before the late 1980's, simply because all phones had cords.
The speed of light is 186000 miles per second. My car is 8 years old and just hit 186000 miles. So it took my car 8 years to travel as far as light does in a second.
I can't think of a phrase with a more reverse impact than, "Calm Down".
We will know when gay culture is fully accepted when rappers rap about their gay boyfriends.
It is quite weird when an entire boy band sings a love song about one girl.
You may have accidentally set a random, bizarre world record but didn't realize it
Right now my body is doing hundreds of things to keep me alive, but consciously I'm just scratching my ass
Amazon has spoiled me to the point where anything over 2 days for shipping seems like an outrage.
The best way to ruin a moment is to try and capture it
