I would rather use a dirty towel that I've used a hundred times before than use someone else's towel that they've only used once.
My dog is an organic doorbell with only 10% accuracy.
The laws that we are supposed to be aware of and abide by are so complex that there is an entire profession dedicated to understanding them
People are way more concerned about athletes having to deal with Brazil being unsafe than the millions of people who live there
If it weren't for all the B/S and scandal, I wouldn't even know the Olympics was happening right now.
Baby Boomers were the generation of rebellion yet cant handle that their children dont want to live the way they did.
Honesty is probobly one of the most highly regarded traits in a person, but if I was 100% honest 100% of the time I probobly wouldn't have any friends, family or even a job
It's like England had three sons, America rebelled as a teen and started a band that saw great success, Canada was the good kid that became a doctor, and Australia was the problem child with a drug problem that moved away and ended up in rehab but has now turned his life around.
I bet I'd make a fortune if I opened a kiosk in the mall that sews real pockets into women's pants
A guy can decline an invitation by saying his girlfriend won't let him go and everyone will likely understand. But if a girl declines an invitation by saying her boyfriend won't let her go, people will likely get concerned.
If you grab any rock and split it in half, the inside you now have revealed has probably not seen daylight in millions if not billions of years.
One of the most tragic aspects of a plane crash is that, presumably, most of the passengers had airline food as their last meal.
You don't actually bite down on anything. You bite up.
I never realize how explicit my music is until my parents hear it in the car.
Everytime someone in a movie has to draw blood they always cut the palm of their hand. Surely this is the least convenient place to have a deep cut.
Instead of colorizing photos, in 50 years we will be removing filters.