When I wake up at night both extremely thirsty and having to pee, I can't help but think that my body is allocating its resources poorly.
People who ask easily-Googled questions are looking for interaction, not answers.
the KKK ruined a perfectly good white wizard costume
As much as I hate the phrase, I would like to see a YOLO bumper sticker on a Hearse.
Today my shampoo, conditioner, and body wash all ran out simultaneously. That'll probably never happen again as long as I live.
When you have a lot, you have hair. When you only have a few, you have hairs.
As a straight male, I sincerely hope that every man who is better looking than me is gay.
Old Spice deodorants would make great Hogwarts house names. Wolfthorn, Hawkridge, Foxcrest, Lionpride.
Thanks to computers, my handwriting is the same as when I was in 2nd grade.
We have approximately 780000km of nerves in our bodies, yet a single one in my tooth is enough to screw up my whole week.
On any given day in a hospital, you can find people having the best day of their life, the worst day of their life, the first day of their life, and the last day of their life all under one roof.
When I don't text people back right away it's because I'm working, busy or just don't feel like talking at that moment. When people don't text ME back immediately I think they're either dead or hate me and are purposely ignoring me.
I feel like if Quentin Tarantino didn't start making movies, he would have become a serial killer.
The reason we are afraid of aliens abducting and harvesting humans for resources, is because that's how humans have treated anything new they have discovered themselves.
Eating a spoonful of frosting on its own is considered disgusting and unhealthy, but putting it on top of something else unhealthy first is normal.
Pluto wasn't even a planet for a full year on pluto
Collectors are probably way more interested in the original than the "collector's edition"
I'm more surprised when I see a 15yr old car on the road in good shape then when I see a 40yr old car on the road in good shape...
The term ASAP is quite aggressive when used, but when you break it down to what it actually means it sounds quite reasonable.
As a minimum-wage cashier, I've probably physically touched more money than our country's richest people