I can't believe it's been a year since I didn't become a better person.
The 21st Century is 15% done
I don't appreciate the time that I don't have a cold nearly enough as I should.
Your birth certificate is also your first eviction notice.
Why do my toddlers toys all have 2 sound level options. What parent chooses the louder setting.
Not only are Americans not outraged by how corrupt their system is, they actively claim it to be THE BEST.
10 Years ago today people were comfortable enough to wear Crocs in public.
I wonder what baby names were considered trashy in the middle ages
The real irony of all this is, the internet was actually created to save us time…
I have never seen a new Waffle House.
If you say you are in the top five, you are either fourth of fifth, otherwise you'd be in the top three.
We're not nearly as appreciative of how many years we've gone without Jersey Shore as we should be.
When I was young, I thought I was great at board-games because I won so often. Now I realize the adults were letting me win so they could do other stuff instead.
People love your honesty until you are honest with them
Hoarding is a mental disorder, unless you do it with money, then it's a retirement account...
If it weren't for technology, randomly showing up at someone's home would still be socially acceptable.
Unless life also gives you sugar and water, your lemonade is going to suck.
For blind people, the invention of television was just a decline in the quality of radio programming.
My parents taught me never to lie, because lying is bad and they never did it. Little did I know that it was a lie too.
Being a teenager is the awkward stage where you like adults more than the kids, but the kids like you more than the adults do.
Hulu, Amazon Prime Video and Netflix are the new ABC, NBC and CBS.
The Christmas Story is really just a movie about a kid being bullied at school that really wants a gun.
Man, someday I'm gonna get hit in the balls again and it's gonna really suck.
The 4 stages of a man's life can be summarized with Santa: when you believe in Santa, when you don't believe in Santa, when you are Santa, and when you look like Santa.
