In the last 5 years, I've gone from thinking "Please don't hit me" at approaching traffic as a pedestrian to "Go ahead and hit me, I don't want to work anymore."
Taxes are like a subscription to your Country that you can't cancel, no matter how bad the service gets.
Life gets weird when you start to see adults as grown up kids rather than adults
Is a bath relaxing for Michael Phelps, or does he just feel like he is at work?
The funniest guy in the room is usually smart, but the smartest guy in the room usually isn't very funny.
I spend 1% of the time feeling confident and the other 99% trying to figure out how to get that feeling back.
I wish there was an office-acceptable non-smoking reason to intermittently go outside and do nothing productive for about 10 minutes at a time.
I will be remembered by less people than a gorilla when I die
I don't have a headache. Thank goodness. You know, I never really appreciate not having a headache until I actually have a headache, so I should probably enjoy this moment
We have two universal languages: mathematics, and music. One to describe the universe, and one to describe how we feel about it.
Growing up, I thought 'slow dances' would be a bigger occurrence in my adult life than it is.
The Olympics should have a 'For Fun' section at the end of all the games so all the athletes can try different sports.
An "unlimited minutes per month" phone plan really only gives you 44,640 minutes per month at best
It's crazy that's there's this giant thing in the sky all the time that we're not supposed to look at.
People who say "If you can't love yourself, then nobody can" are indirectly saying "Nobody loves you" to people with low self-esteem
People who ask late-sleepers what time they woke up aren't actually interested in the answer. They just want to feel superior for choosing to sleep at a more convention time.
When divorce is done right a child goes from one unhappy home to two happy homes.
People thinks it's crazy that an elephant can be scared by a mouse, but so many people are scared of insects.