I think more people are prepared for a Zombie apocalypse or alien invasion than their own retirement.
You know you're screwed if your favorite band/sports star/movie star visits you while you're in a hospital
The Kool-aid Man sure is lucky he never takes down any load-bearing walls when he bursts through people's homes
Battleship is just a two person bingo.
Weird Al Yankovich has managed to remain culturally relevant far longer than most of the people he's parodied
Isn't it weird in movies sometimes when there's a fight on top of a truck yet all the cars behind them will be driving like normal like "this is real messed up but I'm not going to be late for work".
If you step on people's feet,they will open their mouth just like trash bins.
The only reason why we think things were built to last back in the day is because the poorly built things from back in the day don't exist anymore.
If you think about it, it makes no sense that adult movie tickets cost more than children tickets; kids are loud and cause a lot of disruptions. It should cost more for a child to attend a movie theater.
There's a big bag of deadly acid in the middle of my body and I'm supposed to be totally okay with that.
The older I get the more I realize that you're more of a rebel if you don't smoke weed or drink
The people living in the Renaissance didn't know they were living in the Renaissance. I wonder what period future historians will call present day.
Before people knew what allergies were, whenever someone died from one bee sting, everyone must have thought they were just a total whimp.
If we can't reach Google we assume our internet is down
I've never once heard elevator music while riding an elevator
Of all the bodily functions that could be contagious, we lucked out with it being just a yawn.
Do twins even realize one of them was unplanned
The saying "if you can't beat 'em, join 'em" is basically saying that you should join the bandwagon rather than continuing to stand up for what you believe in
It's strange that the adoption process is so strict and rigorous; and yet any two people can produce a baby with no regulation whatsoever.
