I have two cushions. My wife bought them. Their sole reason for existence is to throw the them on the bedroom floor at 11pm every evening.
You know you are no longer a child when getting money causes relief instead of excitement.
As a cop with a body camera, I can no longer make things like marijuana "disappear" and let you go with a warning, seeing as how all video is open to public records.
If cats had wings,they'd still just lay there.
As a 20 year old man I still don't feel confident enough to brush my teeth in the shirt I plan on wearing today.
My way of flirting is looking at the person I'm attracted to and hoping they're braver than I am.
I want to see a member of the opposite sex with the same attractiveness as me so I can see what I'm workin' with
"Remind me to ________" is just another way of saying, "If I forget, it's your fault too".
AOL who I have never given a dollar to still hosts my e-mail address from 6th grade and yet my university whom I've given over 60 thousand dollars to deleted mine within a year of my graduation.
It must be unnerving going back to sleep for the first time after waking up from a long coma.
The bigger the tattoo of a cross, the less the person acts like a Christian.
Children swear all the time. Adults swear all the time. However, mix these two groups, and suddenly everyone pretends swearing is awful and they would never ever do such thing.
Getting a dollar every six minutes sounds alot better then getting ten dollars every hour
Google Earth gives You the opportunity to go and see anywhere in the world... so what you do? You go and look at your house.
We should all take a moment and thank god that spiders aren't pack animals
Tobacco companies should be leading in the search for a cancer cure. The day after a cure is found, sales of cigarettes are going to go up by 500,000% from the millions of us that quit for health / longevity reasons.
Candy corn is made from high fructose corn syrup. Probably the most accurate use of corn syrup.
Only mortals have told me that it would suck to live forever.
If someone tells me they're dumb, I assume they're smarter than they think, but of someone tells me they're smart I assume they're dumber than they think.
When I have kids, they'll grow up with three Star Wars trilogies, eight Harry Potter movies, and the Lord of the Rings trilogy all available to watch whenever they want. They'll never know my pain
