Telling a girl to calm down is like baptizing a cat
"I'm trying to save money and lose weight." is code for "Nothing I do is fun."
If you expect something in return for being a nice person, you aren’t a nice person.
In the event of an apocalypse I would spend the first 20 minutes wondering why the internet doesn't work
I wonder if I've ever had a lucky pair of underwear, but didn't realize..
Someday unicorns will exist because a doting father and Bio-engineer will create them soon after his daughter begs for one for her birthday.
I hate when the doctor leaves me for an excessive amount of time to take my clothes off. I'm an adult. I have sex. I could get these clothes off in seconds and save us both a lot of time.
It's about time for Shia Labeouf, Charlie Sheen, or Mel Gibson  to something crazy again
When I eat mini M&M's, I imagine it's just like when Shaq eats regular M&M's.
My wife has figured out if she cooks dinner she doesn't have to do dishes. I've figured out that if I do dishes I don't have to cook.
I would much rather watch Sauron vs Voldermort than Gandalf vs Dumbledore
Hipsters, in their effort to not succumb to conformity, end up being one of the most generalized groups ever.
Why have we been saying, "stay-at-home mom/dad" when all this time we could have said, "house spouse"?
Somehow I can read random stuff on the internet for hours, but when I try to read a best selling novel by a real author I get bored after just a couple minutes
The difference between being cute and creepy is directly correlated with how attractive you are to the other person.
Either I'm getting older or the guy on the Quaker Oats box looks younger than he used to.
Infant incompetence is truly a testament to the sheer power of human species. Most animal babies are quiet and can run and hide from predators as soon as they can walk. Our 3-year-olds will try to pet wild animals and respond to having an itchy sock by shrieking.
Clark Kent could have been a doctor, using his x-ray vision to detect life threatening tumors. But no, we really needed another journalist.
When someone says "you have good taste in music" they really mean "we have similar taste in music"
