If life doesn't give you lemons, you're still expected to make lemonade.
We're lucky Elon Musk isn't evil
As long as each proceeding generation can say to the prior, "You kids have it easy!", we'll know that humanity is improving.
The craziest prediction that the tv show "The Jetsons" made about life that far in the future was that a man could still support a middle class family of 4 by working in a factory.
Humans are really bad at recharging, it takes about 8 hours charge for 16 hours of use.
Panties lost their sexiness to me when I did the laundry and could no longer tell if they were my wife's or my daughter's.
It makes no sense that womens pants have fake pockets but baby pants have real pockets
I've imagined in detail how I would tackle a crazed gunman, yet I get a brief jolt of panic whenever the doorbell unexpectedly rings.
I feel like every year there is a "the moon only looks like this every 100 years" event.
Men get all of the blame for splashing when they go to the toilet, but none of the credit for organically jet washing skid marks away.
Def Leppard is the safest music to air drum to while driving because you can keep one hand on the steering wheel.
Whenever you buy and eat half a chicken, you are secretly sharing a meal with a stranger.
The 5 second youtube ads are genius, I will watch those and even like what's being advertised. 30 second ones where you can't skip make me hate whatever product is being advertised.
If I told you that it featured themes of bestiality, Stockholm Syndrome, slave labor, and a lynching, you would never guess 'Beauty and the Beast' is a kids movie.
Censored rap offends me more than hearing the people swear
I've always wanted to buy two coffees, take them to a crime scene and while handing one to the officer in charge ask, "So, what do we have here"?
If you Google a company that you suspect to be a pyramid scheme and the first link that comes up is from the company itself denying that it's a pyramid scheme, then you know for sure that the company is a pyramid scheme.
I'm old enough to miss the days when I couldn't be reached at a moments notice.
7 billion people, a device in my pocket that can talk to almost anyone of them, and I spend most of my time silently arguing with myself.
If the aliens invade there will be memes about it within five minutes









