Someone in the United States has no clue that this is his last weekend with all ten fingers.
You know your job sucks if people get sentenced to do it as community service
My kids don't beg for toys and I realized it's because they never get to see commercials
In the distant future some kid will disappoint their parents because they want to get an art history degree and concentrate on memes of the 2010s.
If keyboards came with braille on them, we all could have subconsciously learned braille by now.
The reason I want to get ahead in life is so that I can be lazy once and for all.
Whenever I talk to my co-workers at work we talk about our personal lives, but whenever we hang out outside of work, we talk about work.
We should get an employee discount with self checkout
It's weird how yogurt is almost exclusively advertised to women
The internet uses many terms relating to water. I can surf the web, stream a video, or wait until my computer freezes
They say laziness makes you fat, but being too lazy to prepare food has been a big reason for me being underweight for years.
I think if I ever got crazy rich, I would hide it from my kids until they're 21 or so. Then once they finish college I'm like "We're actually stupid rich. I just wanted you to have a normal upbringing." I feel like they would turn out way more successful.
You are never finished pooping. At best, you are just between pooping.
Opening your eyes during a prayer is usually frowned upon by religious people, but the only ones who will catch you doing it are the ones that do it themselves.
Talking is a really slow data transfer between two super computers.
When a university rejects your application, you literally paid them money just for them to tell you to go f___ yourself.
Paperclips are just staples with less commitment
The person who accurately predicts the end of the world will never get acknowledged for it.
Somehow we always assume that aliens would walk around naked.
I think eating a steak after a workout is the most savage thing ever. You're eating an animal's muscle to basically steal its strength.