I would rather do a few hours of community service every year, than pay personal property tax.
Jail isn't supposed to be fun. Why do they get bunk beds!?
Carnivorous horses would actually be terrifying.
Teen movies used to take place in and around a high school setting; now they're all set in dystopian futures.
The only thing worse than having nobody show up to a party is having one person show up to a party.
They say revenge is a dish best served up cold, and they say revenge is sweet. So basically, revenge is ice cream.
I had no control over one of the most important decisions of my life, my name.
In the USA, it's 100x cheaper to take an Uber to the hospital instead of an ambulance (and possibly faster).
I miss toys in cereal boxes.
Hot coffee, amazing. Iced coffee, perfection. Lukewarm coffee, piss water.
Heavy metal poisoning sounds a lot more fun than it really is.
Saying "what do you want" sounds rude while saying "what do you need" sounds fine, even though "need" is more of a demanding word.
Hundreds of people put thousands of hours of work into a project, just for me to watch two minutes of it on Netflix then say "Ugh, nevermind."
North Korea and China are like friends that used to do lots of drugs together, but China has cleaned up a lot and really doesn't know what to do about his still-tweaking friend.
As a kid, I had nightmares about monsters. As an adult, I have nightmares about running late for work. My adult nightmares scare me more now than my kid nightmares did back then.
Guys say mean things to each other but they don't really mean it, and girls say nice things to each other but they don't really mean it either.
If you want to kidnap children use a "free candy" sign, if you want kidnap adults use "now hiring"
The change machine gives you the best odds of any machine in the casino
Life is literally just about finding ways to release dopamine and serotonin into our systems.
There should be a class in high school where they teach you all the weird stuff your body does that is actually completely normal and harmless so that's one less thing we have to worry about while trying to be an adult.
