The reason people ask questions they could easily Google is because they'd rather have a conversation about it.
As an adult I don't procrastinate; I just straight out ignore my responsibilities.
One day an iPhone is going to explode, and Android people are going to be like, "Samsung has had this feature for years".
Students are stereotypically viewed as being lazy, but I worked ten times harder as a student than I do in my career now
The older I get, the more I pity the people who say that high school was the best years of their life
Maybe Bigfoot discovered shaving a while back and now people just think he's some tall dude when he's on the bus or whatever
One day, my grandkids will think I'm weird for watching so many superhero movies in the same way I think my grandpa is weird for watching so many westerns.
Scientists are adult kids stuck in the "why phase".
You can't tell anything about a person from their star sign, but you can tell a lot about someone who believes in themIf someone says they will "google" something in a show or a movie, they probably aren't getting payed for it. But if they say they will look something up on Bing, you can bet it's product placement.
removing a headphone jack causes more uproar than a phone that literally explodes
"Quit your job and follow your dreams" only works because 99% of people won't do it.
Because I have to bribe my dog to take her medication she probably thinks peanut butter has healing properties (can be applied to kids as well)
10 years ago I used to joke about how in the heck Fidel Castro is still alive. Fidel Castro is STILL alive.
People used to save the newspapers from the day their baby was born. By the time I have mine, I'll probably screenshot the front page of reddit.
The movie Snowden should be leaked online before it gets released in theaters.
If you had $1 for every year the universe has existed (approximately 13.8 billion years). You wouldn't even make the top 50 on the Forbes list.
I hate when people show me YouTube videos but love showing people YouTube videos
What if Earth is like one of those uncontacted tribes in South America, like the whole Galaxy knows we're here but they've agreed not to contact us until we figure it out for ourselves.
In order to grow our muscles, we kill other animals and eat THEIR muscles.
