A person doesn't become homeless just because they lose all their money, but also because they lost all their friends.
Why children don't enjoy beer...because they haven't reached the point in life where life is more bitter than their drink.
A golden shower sounds really exotic if you don't know what it is
A stone Mason just wrapped up 6 hours of work at my house and it cost me $1500. I went to college and make $17.00 an hour. We were tricked into "college as a better life".
Kindergarten teachers are probably the best Capatcha solvers (i.e. picture with letters, numbers, or symbols when registering for a website)
Whether or not Steven Avery (Netflix Making a Murderer) is guilty I would free him if he promised to kill Nancy Grace.
Alcoholics are probably the biggest advocates for self driving cars.
I'd much rather be somebody who can barely remember High School than somebody who considers it to be the best years of their lives.
Parents who kiss their kids on the lips have to decide at some point when it's too weird
The computer you are using is the product of a long series of tools making newer tools that go back to a cave man using a rock.
Driving tests should include jumping a car, changing a tire, and checking basic fluids.
Pac-man was trapped in a maze of pill addiction, trying to outrun his demons before his lifestyle caught up to him.
I wonder if a self-driving BMW will be programmed to never use its turn signals
Social media has made it possible for me to get drunk at home alone and still publicly make an ass of myself
Having a loose tooth is exciting when you're a kid, but terrifying when you're an adult
It's weird when the toilet seat is warm already.
Powerball's as close to a Willy Wonka golden ticket madness as we will likely see.
I can never find the time to sit down and read a good book yet I can spend hours wasting time on the internet
A bachelor party is more appropriate after a divorce than before a wedding.
The internet has taught me that my thoughts are unoriginal and I'm not nearly as funny as I think I am.
Technology didn't make our society terrible, it just exposed all of the horrible things in our society.
I'm a 33 year old man and I still sing the alphabet when I arrange things alphabetically
A keyring is a ring invented so you can lose all your keys at the same time.
I should have grown my hair really long in my 20's, then cut it off and saved it for use in a custom toupee now that I'm older and bald.
There should be a place that guarantees not to talk to you while giving you a haircut.
