If I was small enough, my cat would probably try to kill me.
Airports are the only place where I don't think twice about people drinking booze at 7 in the morning
Only 25 years ago, very few people used the internet. Today it used by almost half the population of the world and is an essential part of our lives. I wonder what technology that is rarely used today will be an integral part of the world in 25 years from now.
Everyday my wife spends 30 minutes drawing a new face on top of her face.
Coffins are just fancy trash cans for people
I wonder how many watches are still ticking in buried coffins.
By going out in public, you're trusting hundreds or thousands of people to not kill you
The leather jacket I've been wearing for 10 years has been worn longer by me than the cow that it came from.
When I was young I used to look away when characters kissed because it was gross. Now I look away because it reminds me how sad and alone I am...
I can't look at a word without reading it
In school, we learn things for tests. But in life we are tested first, then only we learn from it.
So many people die every day that we've never actually checked to make sure that the sun would rise without a human sacrifice.
Knowing you sleep 8 hours a day or you spend 1/3 of your life sleeping sounds perfectly normal. But, if you tell me I'm asleep 4 months out of every year, it sounds insane.
If anyone should be pro-marijuana, it's the snack food industry.
A Batman movie from the point of view of a random street gang would probably be a lot like the film "Predator"
Just like snowflakes, no two bags of trash you throw out are identical.
The only difference between Hoarders and Extreme Couponing seems to be shelving units.
Ending a long time relationship means you suddenly now know a lot of useless information.
The only time I've ever used the panic button on my car key is when I accidentally press it, causing me panic.
There should be a take your parent to work day so that they can see what their kid has grown up to be.
If you're over 30, you were alive before every dog in the world.
One day someone will use "I thought I was still in VR [Virtaul Reality]" as a criminal defense