As a father of an 8 month old baby I can safely say my 17 month younger sister was probably an accident.
Sometimes when I really have to pee and I'm about to let it out, I take a moment to make sure I'm not dreaming and actually just wetting the bed
As a 30 year old father, I'm horrified that my parents were forced to raise me without Google.
If I were to kill someone that I really hated I would cremate them and plant their ashes with a tree. Then several years later I'll burn down the tree and kill that person again.
The number of people older than you will never increase, but it is constantly decreasing.
My soulmate and I will likely never meet, since neither of us like leaving the house.
As an ex-smoker, sometimes the smell of cigarettes is so nasty I want to punch the smoker and take away his cigarettes, but sometimes it smells so good I want to punch him and take away his cigarettes.
I wonder if I got every single injury I've ever had all at once, from little paper cuts to major life threatening injuries, if I would survive it
Just realised that Popeye, my favourite cartoon when I was a kid, was basically about a guy who took performance enhancing drugs to rescue his girlfriend from abduction, forced marriage and rape.
Neo better rescue us from the Matrix soon because land lines are quickly becoming a thing of the past.
Chopsticks are the worst sticks to use if you want to chop something
The guys version of "I shaved my legs for this" is "I washed my sheets for this".
Ironically the only true way to boycott the police is to not commit any crime.
The idea of saving money up so that my loved ones can eventually use that money to pay someone to throw my corpse in a hole once I'm dead is perplexing to me.
If any species of wild animals were capable of creating a religion, humans would definitely be the satan
Is a human a man made or natural object?
When you order food at a restaurant, you always start your order with a drink. At a fast food joint, you always end your order with a drink.
A lot of what I spend my money on eventually comes out of my butt