I'm awed that two servings of pasta can be made, packaged, shipped thousands of miles, bought and resold to me for $0.18 each. Yet one stamp is $0.49.
The average person is a chinese woman
Anyone who says they are bored is clearly taking the internet for granted
Saying you smoked weed with your boss is so much cooler than saying you smoked weed with your employees.
Raising a child is basically an experiment that takes you 20 years or so before you figure out that you did something wrong
Now that I'm a dad "Green Eggs and Ham" makes perfect sense. Sam-I-Am isn't some jerk relentlessly bothering a nice man, he's a parent trying to get his petulant son to eat dinner.
Do twins ever realise that one of them was unplanned
The only difference between "mostly sunny" and "partly cloudy" is my weatherman's outlook on life.
Girl Scouts is basically a brand-name cookie company that gets away with child labor.
People claim with surprise that Eskimos have 100 words for snow, but ignore that makeup companies have 1000 words for light brown.
I drink a lot of filtered water. I just happen to filter it through ground coffee beans.
About every 15 minutes, there is a wave of people being woken up by alarms. 5 minutes later another wave of slightly less motivated individuals wakes up for the second time.
If I had been the one who invented coffee, I would have tossed it out as a failed experiment.
Bad teachers that we had in school are just to prepare ourselves to deal with horrible bosses
Becoming an addict is kind of like watching your hair grow; you don't really notice anything wrong until you look in the mirror one day and realize that it's gone too far.
We should stop calling them "Lobbyists" and start calling them "Bribers"
30 years later and I'm still just as excited about chocolate chip cookies.
If I ever hit the lotto I will buy commercial time during the super bowl. 2 minutes of me screaming the difference between "definitely" and "defiantly".
The new American Dream is having a positive net worth.
A gallon of gas is now cheaper then a small drink at Taco Bell
When I was younger, spending $20 on DVD's and eating from the dollar menu was a regular occurrence. Now, I spend $20 making dinner and rent movies for a dollar.
Burning an audio CD once seemed so amazing. I haven't burned a CD in years and probably never will again.
