Alocohol should be served in Capri-Sun styled pouches; when you can't get the straw through the hole anymore, you've had enough.
If I put an empty bowl out on Halloween with a sign that says "Take one", I'll look like a good person and everyone will think someone just took all the candy
I recognize click bait almost every time, but still want to know what that child celebrity looks like today.
Losing your car keys in your house is the adult version of being grounded until you clean.
Coffee should have a "caffeine by volume" rating like alcohol so I can choose how wired I really want to be when I buy coffee
When you catch a leaf falling from a tree, you're holding something that has never touched the ground.
Dating in your 30s and 40s is like, "I wonder what this person's tragedy is"
Once she hits a certain age, calling a female a "big girl" goes from being a compliment to an insult.
10 years ago we all wanted cool ringtones. Now we all just use the standard one
If a stranger insults me, I'l probably ignore it, as their opinion is meaningless. If a stranger compliments me, I'll probably treasure it, as their opinion is important.
I don't hit the snooze button to get a few more minutes of sleep. I hit the snooze button hoping in the next few minutes, something happens so I don't have to go to work.
If sleeping is that important then why does school have to be so early?
You could just post a picture of a random object and say it's cake and people would be super impressed.
A telephone makes sound travel faster than the speed of sound
Earth is like a guy who knows exactly where to stand next to a bonfire.
There is nothing quite so beautiful as the spark in a person's eye when you bring up something they are passionate about.
Every time a character dies on a TV show I just feel bad for the actor who pretty much just got fired in front of us.
When I bake bread, I give thousands of yest organisms false hope by feeding them sugar, before ruthlessly baking them to death in an oven and eating their corpses.
