you know that your game of monopoly starts to escalate when someone asks for the game instructions
I don’t necessarily work ‘better under pressure’, I just literally will not work until I am under the extreme pressure of time constraints created by my own unnecessary procrastination.
Randomly Hearing your favorite song on the radio is more satisfying than playing it directly from your ipod.
As a kid, I thought America seemed ancient and eternal. Now I realize that America is only 238 years old and could collapse at any time just like the Roman Empire.
When drone technology becomes cheap enough, hands-free umbrellas are gonna be awesome.
Over the past year I've taken so many "before" pictures of my body while telling myself im going to start working out, I basically just have a slideshow of me getting fatter.
No matter how good I clean my body, I feel filthy until I brush my teeth.
In highschool, eating lunch alone is considered lame and can result in bullying. In a busy office, eating lunch alone and undisturbed is considered a luxury.
Burglars must hate baby-proofed houses. Trying to rummage through drawers and cabinets? Can't get them opened more than an inch. Television bolted to the wall. Trying to sneak stealthily from room to room? Goddamn baby gates.
If someone told me to transport a $30,000 object that, if mishandled, could kill everyone around it, I would walk it so slowly and carefully to its destination. But I drive my car with one hand, while messing with the radio, going 70 mph.
As I've got older, cereal has become less of a breakfast and more of a late night snack
Rick Astley, Green Day, Sum 41, and the Killers Released Music this week. I don't know what year it is.
It occurred to me today while lying in bed and not wanting to get up, that one day I literally won't be able to get up and I'll look back at this moment and wish I could go back in time and just get up and enjoy life. So I got up. I genuinely felt like I'd sort of cracked time travel in that moment.
I've seen so many price tags ending in 99 that I feel a little mentally weirded out when I see a normal, whole number price.
There are only two possibilities, as far as I see it: Either Google will someday cease to exist, like every other company in history, or it will transform into something which will be impossible to shut down.
20 years ago, high schools put wrecked cars out front to remind students to never drink and drive. Today it's to remind them to never text and drive. 20 years from now, it will be to remind them to never drive (and to let the car drive itself)
All of the best skipping rocks are in the middle of the lake.
When someone tells you to go and do a chore you were about to do anyway, it makes you about 100 times less willing to do it



