Fighting one horse sized duck or 100 duck sized horses would make an excellent VR game.
As a father I have realized that days are long and years are short.
Life is like your shadow. The longer it gets, the closer it is to disappearing.
As a child I would blow dandelion seeds into the wind to make a wish. As an adult I throw dandelions in the garbage so my lawn wont be covered in weeds. Growing up is literally letting your dreams die so you can be more comfortable.
I would rather spend 10 extra minutes driving on an empty road than be in traffic.
if you had enough money, you could buy out facebook and just delete it
I've reached an age where I have vintage clothes in my closet that I bought new.
You're meant to become an expert in something after doing it for 10000 hours, but I've been eating for way longer than that and still bite the inside of my mouth.
I have successively pooped, going 500 mphs, in a chair, in the sky.
Any machine is a smoke machine if you use it wrongly.
The paradox of the All You Can Eat Buffet...the more you feel you've got your monies worth, the worse you'll feel after the meal
As a child, going to bed at 8PM feels like punishment. As an adult, going to bed at 8PM feels like a reward.
Do hipsters go on Amazon and sort clothing by least to most popular?
There are two types of people in this world. Those who clear remaining time when they're done with the microwave, and monsters.
If you can jump up in your house and touch the ceiling, you're either really tall or nowhere near upper-middle class
Doing literally anything will help you lose weight "along with diet and exercise."
An ambulance is an optimistic hearse
At some point we are all a villain in somebody's life.
If sign spinners unionize and go on strike, it will be the most glorious picket line ever.
Somebody somewhere is destined to be the first person to be killed by an artificial intelligence and have their name immortalized in future law's and legal proceedings and to be known by millions.
The closer I am to running out of toilet paper, the better I am at oragami.
Programming is just witchcraft with technology
Sarah Palin is an anagram for Has Anal Rip
95% of the time when I think food smells great it's just onion and/or garlic cooking.
