The world isn't getting dumber. It's just easier for dumb people to get their thoughts heard.
You know you're a millennial when ordering a side of guac is a financial decision.
In 21st century, deleting history is more important than making it.
I don't realize how much I appreciate my dog until I drop food on the floor and don't have to bend over and pick it up.
Beatboxers must be really good at demonstrating the noise their car has been making when they bring it to a mechanic.
Wherever a fatal car crash or pedestrian death occurs, a red square with the year of the accident should be permanently included in the pavement. Seeing a lot of red squares in a given location would make drivers and pedestrians more careful.
When you're a kid, staying up late makes you feel like an adult. When you're an adult, staying up late makes you feel like a kid.
The difference between revolution and treason is success or failure
What the hell does a golfer do when they retire? Most people retire then take up golf.
The last ten squares on the toilet roll should have "This is NOT enough for the next person!" printed on them
My parents spent the first 18 years of my life telling me how unique and special I was, then spent the rest of my life telling me I am no different than anyone else and to get a job.
I'm flabbergasted at how our education system managed to find a way to turn something as fascinating as history into a boring slog.
My first instinct when I see an animal is to say "hello", my first instinct when I see a human is to avoid eye contact and hope it goes away
All of the best skipping rocks are in the middle of the lake.
In the past, with cameras, we could believe anything we saw in a picture. In the present, with photo editing software, we can only believe what we see with our own two eyes. In the future, with realistic holograms or the like, we won't be able to believe anything.
If it is "never too late" to start something. Then why start today?
Every time you cut a corner you make two more.
Instead of suspending bad students and giving them days of, we should have anti-suspentions and give them more school on weekends and holidays
My parents say that video games are a waste of money , even though they have a cabinet full of expensive plates nobody is ever allowed use .
If you hear a sniper's gunshot, you're not the target.
They should sell dishwashers that come with a full set of perfectly fitting dishes.
Everyday, someone on Earth unknowingly takes the biggest crap in the world for that day
