If libraries were thought up today, they would be shut down by book industry lobbyists
It's a little ironic that my "lazy" clothes, are the exact same as my gym clothes
We were taught as kids to not get in strangers cars or meet strangers from the internet, and now we literally summon strangers from the internet and get in their cars.
Most of the time when I lie, it is because the truth takes too long to explain.
What if I'm mentally challenged and everyone around me is just being really cool about it?
Amazon has ruined my expectations on how quickly an item should be shipped and handled
It is difficult to win an argument with an intelligent person, but it is impossible to win an argument with a very stupid person.
Considering the 1000's of times I've done it, I still don't know were to put my arms when I go to sleep
People in Christmas movies who don't believe in Santa are always portrayed as jerks, even though they're technically right
If you go to jail for tax evasion, you're living off of taxes as a result of not paying taxes.
With as much as I use my cell phone I don't believe it's ever made an appearance in one of my dreams
3G used to be the best thing going. Now, when my phone's indicator says 3G, it pretty much functions like I have no signal at all.
As I grow older, Calvin and Hobbes gets funnier, but Garfield gets worse.
Maybe instead of thinking "if you can't handle me at my worst you don't deserve me at my best", you should think "You were with me at my worst so I want to give you my best."
If you’re no longer covered by your parent’s health insurance, your manufacturer’s warranty is over.
My dog understands several human words. I don’t understand any dog barks. He may be smarter than me.
Whenever I see/hear someone blaring music from their car, I instantly think 'douche bag'. When I do it, I figure everyone thinks 'there goes a guy with a great taste in music, what a legend!'.
It's really redundant when a news website has a "Read More" button cutting off the article. I'm obviously on the page to read the article, I didn't open the page just to look at their mosaic of ads.
If the app store had a "try before you buy" feature, I'd probably buy a lot more apps
