Pets are better than children. They eat less, they don't ask for money, and if they get pregnant, you can sell their babies.
When I was younger I used to look at older employees at fast food places and think how embarrassing they're working here. Now that I'm older, I admire them for taking on a job for the better of their families despite the public notion surrounding working at a fast food place.
My 102 year old grandmother has lived through 42% of US history.
As a parent I would be less concerned about what my son downloads from Internet than what my daughter uploads on it.
I think the first person to have a mohawk hairstyle was just trying to even up his sideburns and got carried away
The longer you wait for a haircut, the better deal you're getting.
If I played my life like a game I'd probably be a lot better at it.
Saturday is the day you waited six days for just so you could do nothing.
If you were learing English by watching cop shows, you might think that "Freeze" means "Run"
From a wookie's perspective, Chewbacca is the handsome rogue and Han is the dumb sidekick communicating in animal noises.
Kids in the movies are always upset when their parents don't make it to their recitals. As a kid I never wanted my parents to show up anywhere.
I am a much better proofreader the moment after I post something than the moment before.
We live in an age where your last words may be an emoticon.
I think it would be funny when our kids turn 5 to tell them if they lie or misbehave their teeth will start falling out
If you charge $300 for a textbook and I find a typo, you should cut me a check.
Whenever Disney "re-imagines" an animated classic as a live action film, they use so much CGI that they’re essentially making an animated film.
Cops are like spiders. They prevent bad things, but no one wants them around. People are scared of them. Most mind their business and do their job - but the few which are threatening terrify us.
Batman only fights crime at night because otherwise he would have weird and obvious tan lines.
"Can I have your wifi password?" is the modern "Can I use your home phone?"
Why would anybody buy a bookmark for a dollar when they could use a dollar as a bookmark?