The Pope's probably glad he gets to name himself. If the public named the Pope we'd probably end up with Popey McPopeface I.
Food doesn't really go 'bad' something just starts eating it before you do.
Whenever I look at nature, I still find it amazing we were able to turn those raw items into HDTVs, smart phones and other technology.
If you wanted to be incognito by choosing the most common first and last name in the world, you'd really stand out, Mohamed Wang.
It's a good thing Dr. Seuss books come with pictures, because otherwise I'd have no clue what he was talking about.
The most suspicious thing you can bring on an airplane is a parachute
Working from home is a very, very bad thing if you happen to be a firefighter.
If terrorists ever scare me as much as "being in the wrong neighborhood" in my own country, the USA, I'll let you know.
In a submarine battle you can be under fire, underwater, on fire, and taking on water all at the same time.
Being completely naked feels less naked than being naked with shoes on.
If I were Chinese, I would point at random westerners' Chinese tattoos and say "Hey, I love shrimp fried rice as well!"
If you're not sick right now, take a minute to be grateful for being able to breath unobstructed, move ache free, or be more than 20 feet from a toilet.
When people don't sit next to me on public transit I feel both slightly relieved and slightly rejected.
When I was younger I pretended my juice was wine, now I pretend my wine is juice.
We live in a time in which we can listen to virtually any song on at any time, but if a song I love happens to come on the radio, I am THRILLED
Adding an "e" to the end of a word makes it seem old, but adding one to the beginning makes it sound high-tech.
Now that I'm 25, I'm finally old enough to play a high schooler on TV.
Kids of the future will think the emergency number 911 was because of 9/11
Kim Jong-Un must look really strange to the people of North Korea since he is the only overweight person in the entire country
You will never lose a game of Russian roulette as long as you live.
