I realise now that when adult's occasionally didn't reply to something i said when i was young, it wasn't because they didn't hear me, it's because i said something stupid.
I think we should all take a moment and be grateful our bodies don't poop while we're asleep.
The world would probably be a better place if people thought "Is it ethical?" instead of "Is it legal?" more often.
Any dog can be a guide dog if you don't care where you're going.
When a company offers me a better price after I cancel their subscription, they're just admitting they were overcharging me.
Teenagers aren't in a rebellious stage they just reached an age where they know that adults don't have a magic stopping power.
Bodies are weird. I can run, jump, wakeboard, do cartwheels, play piano, and type 90 words per minute, but if I brush my teeth with the wrong hand it's like time slows down while my brain tries to process what the actual hell is going on
The problem is not people being uneducated; The problem is that they are educated just enough to believe what they've been taught. And not educated enough to question what they've been taught
I'm not scared of a computer passing the turing test... I'm terrified of one that intentionally fails it.
Trees live underground and use the above-ground part as a snorkel.
You know you've officially broken in a new phone when it stops trying to auto-correct "duck" for you.
When the older generations says this generation is terrible, they're really saying they sucked as parents.
There should be a college course where you're REQUIRED to bring your smartphone to the the exams in order to find answers to the questions (in topics you've never studied before), because quickly finding information available online is an important life skill to have.
I find it funny how the first Netflix ads were aired on TV. It's like the the television networks assisted in their own homicide.
I think the worst part about a break up isn't the loneliness; it's knowing there is someone out there who knows how incredibly weird you are that you no longer trust.
The real annoyance with the loss of a headphones jack is that assholes will feel even less scrupulous to openly play sound in the bus.
I can't wait until I'm 80 when I can be as lazy and worthless as I am now, but instead of being considered a loser people will be amazed that I can still smoke pot and play video games.
The characters on Friends live in Manhattan thorugh 9/11 - and never mentioned it once
