Giraffes must take forever to vomit
Hot pockets are basically white people burritos
Willy Wonka used slaves to make his chocolate and no one cared.
A cactus is just a cucumber going through a punk phase.
If The Rock became paralyzed, he'd be an animal, a mineral, and a vegetable.
The TV show "Cops" should just be called "Florida".
We're "repeating" the Sixties. Space exploration, Russian conflict, marijuana legalization, race issues.
Santa Claus is so good at procrastinating he acquired an official day to do everything at the last minute
Santa Claus probably regrets giving coal to naughty kids now that global warming is threatening his habitat.
One day, I will be as bad with technology as my parents are and that terrifies me.
You know you are an adult when your nightmare consists of real life problems instead of fantasy like horror.
Unplugging and replugging is an acceptable attempt to fix everything except comas.
Whoever invented tacos probably just screwed up making a burrito.
U2 just announced a world tour. Are they going to sell tickets... or just break into my living room and start playing?
I wish Jon Stewart would quit doing interviews on his show so he had more time to be the news anchor we all need right now.
If you give a monkey a banana it can eat for a day, but if you give a monkey lice it can eat for a lifetime.
Anxiety is really just pretraumatic stress disorder
Home Alone is like a kid's version of Die Hard.
I bet Spider-Man could make a lot of money putting up Christmas lights for the citizens of New York City
There are probably people putting more effort into their job search than I am putting into my actual job.
A good measure of wealth is how far you would chase a $20 bill in the wind
After the Zombie Apocalypse we will regret installing all the wheelchair ramps
I think online job applications get sent the same place as "Dear Santa" letters.
In my entire life, I have never seen a female taxi driver.
Is it really necessary to have a Darth Vader action figure with a warning of "Choking Hazard"?
Today I looked down and could see my chest actually move a little bit from my heartbeat. Being alive is pretty interesting when you stop to actually look at it.