Ebola Shower Thoughts
What if the whole world dies from ebola except for the North Koreans? Their isolation could save them in the end.
More Americans have been dumped by Taylor Swift than have died from Ebola.
Once Kevin Bacon gets Ebola, we're all screwed.

Relationship Shower Thoughts
Most girls grow up wishing they could marry a prince, but most men do anything they can to avoid getting involved with a "princess".
Actually you sell your body in every job.
Marrying for money is like long-term prostitution.
PMS should be called ovary-acting.
The reason the Moon is depicted as female in so many cultures is likely that it goes through monthly cycles.
The two most pleasurable things end up with someone having a bigger stomach.

Random Shower Thoughts
When Hitler was a political figure in Germany, someone likely voted for him and had the thought "He couldn't possibly make things any worse"
Diversity at a University is an oxymoron
Cereal is breakfast soup
Terrorists and Journalists enjoy a mutually sustaining relationship. Terrorists supply the fear, and Journalists spread it.
The best place for a DUI checkpoint would be at the end of a Taco Bell drivethrough at 2:00 AM.
'You're not in Kansas anymore' is supposed to be a sad statement, but it's actually a happy statement for most of the world.
You can't see your reflection in boiling water. Similarly, you can't see truths in your life in a state of anger.
To a midget it's always a high five.
If a living person is a human being, someone who has died is a human been.
Up to this point we have each made the correct choices necessary to still be alive.
If a zombie apocalypse started in Vegas, would it stay in Vegas?
Any salad can be a Caesar salad if you stab it enough
Elections are nothing more than glorified popularity contests where the best ideas and best candidates very rarely win.
If a Satan-worshipper tells you to go to hell, then they're really wishing you the best.
If the pen is mightier than the sword, why do actions speak louder than words?
The government always wins the lottery.
So far, I appear to be immortal.