Dragons are Dinosaur Superheroes
Superman is an Illegal Alien who defends Truth, Justice and the American way.
Every time you cross the street you are playing Frogger with one life.
Anticipating the UPS truck is the adult version of anticipating the Ice Cream truck.
I don't appreciate enough the times I don't have a stuffy nose, sore throat, or constipation.
Being a parent of a toddler is like being employed as a translator for one specific person
There are some things money can't buy, for everything else, there's money...
90% of parenting is resisting the urge to say "I told you so"
Every decision in life boils down between the choice of idealism or realism
A scarf is the maximum size of blanket that is socially acceptable for an adult to carry around all day
Every winter snowmen sit and watch as it rains blood from the sky and children frolic and play with their innards.
The world isn't turning into a worse place, it's just become harder to hide everything considered "bad".
Facebook is just the friendly PR face of the NSA human profiling division
The more I become aware of my breathing, the harder it becomes to breathe.
Hitler ruined a name, a mustache, a symbol for peace, and literally just raising your arm in the air.
If I get a face tattoo, will it decreases the amount of people who try to talk to me?
A Kangaroo is really just small, furry, vegetarian version of a T-Rex.
In the middle ages, the teen ages' unruliness were just a midlife crisis
If I ever loaned someone a plunger... I'd probably just let them keep it.
Bumper stickers are like tramp stamps for cars.
Swimming is the most dangerous sport. If you can't do it, you will die
I strongly believe there's a correlation between a women's crazy level, and the # of selfies she posts online
We have double stuffed Oreos, why don't we have double stuffed Poptarts
The lyrics to "Santa Claus is Coming to Town" could just as easily describe a visit from Supreme Leader Kim Jong-Un
It seems unfair that liars have their pants set on fire while cheaters just have to eat pumpkin.
I wonder how many car accidents I've avoided by leaving a few minutes early or later, or by taking a different route.
If the universe is finite, you were very unlikely; if it is infinite, you were inevitable.
I've gotten so good at walking and running that I haven't fallen over in years.
Pregnancy tests have the most neutral branding ever, because a positive result can be the best news ever or the worst news ever, depending on whom is taking it.
When the internet is down, I forget that the rest of my computer still works...
You can usually tell how dramatic someone's life is by how many times they've deleted their Facebook account.