Double stuffed Oreos should be considered regular Oreos and regular Oreos should be considered diet Oreos.
All of the inns of Bethlehem probably weren't full when Mary and Joseph went looking for a place to give birth, the innkeepers probably just didn't want their rooms to be used for childbirth, baby savior or not.
The closest I ever get to feeling like a hacker is trying to remember a password to an old account
"No means no" should also apply when I ask her if anything is wrong.
Imagine how much easier life would be if adults had the energy of kids and kids had the energy of adults
I cant swallow pills without water, how does a baby manage to swallow a LEGO?
Falling asleep with the TV on is the adult version of a bedtime story.
Sheets are underwear for beds.
I've wanted to run away as an adult way more then I ever did as a kid.
When I say "excuse me," I almost always really mean "excuse you"
If a toy in Toy Story died, all of the other toys would have to watch silently while a kid played with their friends dead body.
I'll never be as rich as the man who invented reindeer antlers for cars.
Losing weight is like slowly unwrapping the best present your parents ever gave you
If playing the same music constantly is a form of torture, do shops at christmas torture their employees?
I wonder how many people I have inadvertently killed via the butterfly effect.
Most sports are an adult version of keep-away.
If you hold wrapping paper while shopping, you can buy anything without shame.
If I had the ability to stop time, I would just use it to take naps.
It would be very ironic to die in a living room.
In about 15 years, karaoke bars will be overrun with groups of drunk girls singing "Let it Go."
If I were invisible I'd go to Paris and beat up a street mime...the amount of applause he would get would be incredible
People with prosthetic legs can choose their height...
Facebook is the refrigerator of the internet; you know there's nothing good in it, but you keep going back to check
The Rudolph moral is people will treat you like crap if you are different, unless they need you to do something for them.
In Star Wars, did Uncle Owen inadvertently save the galaxy by making Luke stay home to do his chores?
Family Feud is a competition to be the most average family.
If you're planning a murder-suicide start with the suicide.